gka=Goroka Papua New Guinea
ayga=Goroka Papua New Guinea
mag=Madang Papua New Guinea
aymd=Madang Papua New Guinea
hgu=Mount Hagen Papua New Guinea
aymh=Mount Hagen Papua New Guinea
lae=Nadzab Papua New Guinea
aynz=Nadzab Papua New Guinea
pom=Port Moresby Papua New Guinea
aypy=Port Moresby Papua New Guinea
wwk=Wewak Papua New Guinea
aywk=Wewak Papua New Guinea
uak=Narssarssuaq Greenland
bgbw=Narssarssuaq Greenland
goh=Godthaab Greenland
bggh=Godthaab Greenland
sfj=Sondrestrom Greenland
bgsf=Sondrestrom Greenland
thu=Thule Greenland
bgtl=Thule Greenland
aey=Akureyri Iceland
biar=Akureyri Iceland
egs=Egilsstadir Iceland
bieg=Egilsstadir Iceland
hfn=Hofn Iceland
bihn=Hofn Iceland
hzk=Husavik Iceland
bihu=Husavik Iceland
ifj=Isafjordur Iceland
biis=Isafjordur Iceland
kef=Keflavik Iceland
bikf=Keflavik Iceland
pfj=Patreksfjordur Iceland
bipa=Patreksfjordur Iceland
rkv=Reykjavik Iceland
birk=Reykjavik Iceland
sij=Siglufjordur Iceland
bisi=Siglufjordur Iceland
vey=Vestmannaeyjar Iceland
bivm=Vestmannaeyjar Iceland
yam=Sault Sainte Marie Canada
cyam=Sault Sainte Marie Canada
yav=Winnipeg Canada
cyav=Winnipeg Canada
yaw=Halifax Canada
cyaw=Halifax Canada
yay=St. Anthony Canada
cyay=St. Anthony Canada
yaz=Tofino Canada
cyaz=Tofino Canada
ybb=Pelly Bay Canada
cybb=Pelly Bay Canada
ybc=Baie Comeau Canada
cybc=Baie Comeau Canada
ybg=Bagotville Canada
cybg=Bagotville Canada
ybk=Baker Lake Canada
cybk=Baker Lake Canada
ybl=Campbell River Canada
cybl=Campbell River Canada
ybr=Brandon Canada
cybr=Brandon Canada
ycb=Cambridge Bay Canada
cycb=Cambridge Bay Canada
ycd=Nanaimo Canada
cycd=Nanaimo Canada
ycg=Castlegar Canada
cycg=Castlegar Canada
ych=Chatham Canada
cych=Chatham Canada
ycl=Charlo Canada
cycl=Charlo Canada
yco=Coppermine Canada
cyco=Coppermine Canada
yct=Coronation Canada
cyct=Coronation Canada
ycw=Chilliwack Canada
cycw=Chilliwack Canada
ycy=Clyde River Canada
cycy=Clyde River Canada
yzs=Coral Harbour Canada
cycz=Coral Harbour Canada
yda=Dawson Canada
cyda=Dawson Canada
ydb=Burwash Canada
cydb=Burwash Canada
ydc=Princeton Canada
cydc=Princeton Canada
ydf=Deer Lake Canada
cydf=Deer Lake Canada
ydl=Dease Lake Canada
cydl=Dease Lake Canada
ydn=Dauphin Canada
cydn=Dauphin Canada
ydq=Dawson Creek Canada
cydq=Dawson Creek Canada
yeg=Edmonton Canada
cyeg=Edmonton Canada
yek=Eskimo Point Canada
cyek=Eskimo Point Canada
yen=Estevan Canada
cyen=Estevan Canada
yet=Edson Canada
cyet=Edson Canada
yeu=Eureka Canada
cyeu=Eureka Canada
yev=Inuvik Canada
cyev=Inuvik Canada
yfb=Iqaluit Canada
cyfb=Iqaluit Canada
yfc=Fredericton Canada
cyfc=Fredericton Canada
cyfe=Forestville Canada
yfo=Flin Flon Canada
cyfo=Flin Flon Canada
yfr=Fort Resolution Canada
cyfr=Fort Resolution Canada
yfs=Fort Simpson Canada
cyfs=Fort Simpson Canada
ygk=Kingston Canada
cygk=Kingston Canada
ygl=La Grande Riviere Canada
cygl=La Grande Riviere Canada
ygp=Gaspe Canada
cygp=Gaspe Canada
ygq=Geraldton Canada
cygq=Geraldton Canada
ygr=Iles De La Madeleine Canada
cygr=Iles De La Madeleine Canada
yhb=Hudson Bay Canada
cyhb=Hudson Bay Canada
yhd=Dryden Canada
cyhd=Dryden Canada
yhi=Holman Island Canada
cyhi=Holman Island Canada
yhk=Gjoa Haven Canada
cyhk=Gjoa Haven Canada
yhm=Hamilton Canada
cyhm=Hamilton Canada
yhu=Montreal Canada
cyhu=Montreal Canada
yhy=Hay River Canada
cyhy=Hay River Canada
yhz=Halifax Canada
cyhz=Halifax Canada
yib=Atikokan Canada
cyib=Atikokan Canada
yio=Pond Inlet Canada
cyio=Pond Inlet Canada
yjn=St. Jean Canada
cyjn=St. Jean Canada
yjt=Stephenville Canada
cyjt=Stephenville Canada
yka=Kamloops Canada
cyka=Kamloops Canada
ykf=Waterloo Canada
cykf=Waterloo Canada
ykl=Schefferville Canada
cykl=Schefferville Canada
yky=Kindersley Canada
cyky=Kindersley Canada
ykz=Toronto Canada
cykz=Toronto Canada
yld=Chapleau Canada
cyld=Chapleau Canada
ylj=Meadow Lake Canada
cylj=Meadow Lake Canada
yll=Lloydminster Canada
cyll=Lloydminster Canada
ylt=Alert Canada
cylt=Alert Canada
ylw=Kelowna Canada
cylw=Kelowna Canada
yma=Mayo Canada
cyma=Mayo Canada
ymj=Moose Jaw Canada
cymj=Moose Jaw Canada
ymm=Fort Mcmurray Canada
cymm=Fort Mcmurray Canada
ymo=Moosonee Canada
cymo=Moosonee Canada
ymw=Maniwaki Canada
cymw=Maniwaki Canada
ymx=Montreal Canada
cymx=Montreal Canada
yna=Natashquan Canada
cyna=Natashquan Canada
ynd=Gatineau Canada
cynd=Gatineau Canada
ynm=Matagami Canada
cynm=Matagami Canada
yoc=Old Crow Canada
cyoc=Old Crow Canada
yod=Cold Lake Canada
cyod=Cold Lake Canada
yoj=High Level Canada
cyoj=High Level Canada
yow=Ottawa Canada
cyow=Ottawa Canada
ypa=Prince Albert Canada
cypa=Prince Albert Canada
ype=Peace River Canada
cype=Peace River Canada
ypg=Portage-la-prairie Canada
cypg=Portage-la-prairie Canada
cypk=Pitt Meadows Canada
ypl=Pickle Lake Canada
cypl=Pickle Lake Canada
ypn=Port Menier Canada
cypn=Port Menier Canada
ypq=Peterborough Canada
cypq=Peterborough Canada
ypr=Prince Pupert Canada
cypr=Prince Pupert Canada
ypy=Fort Chipewyan Canada
cypy=Fort Chipewyan Canada
yqa=Muskoka Canada
cyqa=Muskoka Canada
yqb=Quebec Canada
cyqb=Quebec Canada
yqf=Red Deer Industrial Canada
cyqf=Red Deer Industrial Canada
yqg=Windsor Canada
cyqg=Windsor Canada
yqh=Watson Lake Canada
cyqh=Watson Lake Canada
yqk=Kenora Canada
cyqk=Kenora Canada
yql=Lethbridge Canada
cyql=Lethbridge Canada
yqm=Moncton Canada
cyqm=Moncton Canada
yqq=Comox Canada
cyqq=Comox Canada
yqr=Regina Canada
cyqr=Regina Canada
yqt=Thunder Bay Canada
cyqt=Thunder Bay Canada
yqu=Grande Prairie Canada
cyqu=Grande Prairie Canada
yqv=Yorkton Canada
cyqv=Yorkton Canada
yqw=North Battleford Canada
cyqw=North Battleford Canada
yqx=Gander Canada
cyqx=Gander Canada
yqy=Sydney Canada
cyqy=Sydney Canada
yqz=Quesnel Canada
cyqz=Quesnel Canada
yrb=Resolute Canada
cyrb=Resolute Canada
yri=Riviere Du Loup Canada
cyri=Riviere Du Loup Canada
yrj=Roberval Canada
cyrj=Roberval Canada
yrm=Rocky Mountain House Canada
cyrm=Rocky Mountain House Canada
yrt=Rankin Inlet Canada
cyrt=Rankin Inlet Canada
ysb=Sudbury Canada
cysb=Sudbury Canada
ysc=Sherbrooke Canada
cysc=Sherbrooke Canada
ysj=St. John Canada
cysj=St. John Canada
ysm=Fort Smith Canada
cysm=Fort Smith Canada
ysr=Nanisivik Canada
cysr=Nanisivik Canada
ysu=Summerside Canada
cysu=Summerside Canada
ysy=Sachs Harbour Canada
cysy=Sachs Harbour Canada
yte=Cape Dorset Canada
cyte=Cape Dorset Canada
yth=Thompson Canada
cyth=Thompson Canada
ytr=Trenton Canada
cytr=Trenton Canada
yts=Timmins Canada
cyts=Timmins Canada
ytz=Toronto Canada
cytz=Toronto Canada
yub=Tuktoyaktuk Canada
cyub=Tuktoyaktuk Canada
yul=Montreal Canada
cyul=Montreal Canada
yut=Repulse Bay Canada
cyut=Repulse Bay Canada
yux=Hall Beach Canada
cyux=Hall Beach Canada
yuy=Rouyn Canada
cyuy=Rouyn Canada
yvc=La Ronge Canada
cyvc=La Ronge Canada
yvg=Vermillion Canada
cyvg=Vermillion Canada
yvm=Broughton Island Canada
cyvm=Broughton Island Canada
yvo=Val D'or Canada
cyvo=Val D'or Canada
yvp=Quujjuaq Canada
cyvp=Quujjuaq Canada
yvq=Norman Wells Canada
cyvq=Norman Wells Canada
yvr=Vancouver Canada
cyvr=Vancouver Canada
yvt=Buffalo Narrows Canada
cyvt=Buffalo Narrows Canada
yvv=Wiarton Canada
cyvv=Wiarton Canada
ywa=Petawawa Canada
cywa=Petawawa Canada
ywg=Winnipeg Canada
cywg=Winnipeg Canada
ywk=Wabush Canada
cywk=Wabush Canada
ywl=Williams Lake Canada
cywl=Williams Lake Canada
ywy=Wrigley Canada
cywy=Wrigley Canada
yxc=Cranbrook Canada
cyxc=Cranbrook Canada
yxd=Edmonton Canada
cyxd=Edmonton Canada
yxe=Saskatoon Canada
cyxe=Saskatoon Canada
yxh=Medicine Hat Canada
cyxh=Medicine Hat Canada
yxj=Fort Saint John Canada
cyxj=Fort Saint John Canada
yxl=Sioux Lookout Canada
cyxl=Sioux Lookout Canada
yxp=Pangnirtung Canada
cyxp=Pangnirtung Canada
yxr=Earlton Canada
cyxr=Earlton Canada
yxs=Prince George Canada
cyxs=Prince George Canada
yxt=Terrace Canada
cyxt=Terrace Canada
yxu=London Canada
cyxu=London Canada
yxx=Abbotsford Canada
cyxx=Abbotsford Canada
yxy=Whitehorse Canada
cyxy=Whitehorse Canada
yyb=North Bay Canada
cyyb=North Bay Canada
yyc=Calgary Canada
cyyc=Calgary Canada
yyd=Smithers Canada
cyyd=Smithers Canada
yye=Fort Nelson Canada
cyye=Fort Nelson Canada
yyf=Penticton Canada
cyyf=Penticton Canada
yyg=Charlottetown Canada
cyyg=Charlottetown Canada
yyh=Spence Bay Canada
cyyh=Spence Bay Canada
yyj=Victoria Canada
cyyj=Victoria Canada
yyl=Lynn Lake Canada
cyyl=Lynn Lake Canada
yyn=Swift Current Canada
cyyn=Swift Current Canada
yyq=Churchill Canada
cyyq=Churchill Canada
yyr=Goose Bay Canada
cyyr=Goose Bay Canada
yyt=St. John's Canada
cyyt=St. John's Canada
yyu=Kapuskasing Canada
cyyu=Kapuskasing Canada
yyw=Armstrong Canada
cyyw=Armstrong Canada
yyy=Mont Joli Canada
cyyy=Mont Joli Canada
yyz=Toronto Canada
cyyz=Toronto Canada
yzd=Toronto Canada
cyzd=Toronto Canada
yze=Gore Bay Canada
cyze=Gore Bay Canada
yzf=Yellowknife Canada
cyzf=Yellowknife Canada
yzh=Slave Lake Canada
cyzh=Slave Lake Canada
yzp=Sandspit Canada
cyzp=Sandspit Canada
yzr=Sarnia Canada
cyzr=Sarnia Canada
yzt=Port Hardy Canada
cyzt=Port Hardy Canada
yzu=Whitecourt Canada
cyzu=Whitecourt Canada
yzv=Sept-iles Canada
cyzv=Sept-iles Canada
yzw=Teslin Canada
cyzw=Teslin Canada
yzx=Greenwood Canada
cyzx=Greenwood Canada
zfa=Faro Canada
czfa=Faro Canada
zfm=Fort Mcpherson Canada
czfm=Fort Mcpherson Canada
daab=Blida Algeria
daad=Bou Saada Algeria
bja=Bejaja Algeria
daae=Bejaja Algeria
alg=Algier Algeria
daag=Algier Algeria
djg=Djanet Algeria
daaj=Djanet Algeria
qfd=Boufarik Algeria
daak=Boufarik Algeria
daan=Reggan Algeria
vvz=Illizi Algeria
daap=Illizi Algeria
daaq=Ain Oussera Algeria
tmr=Tamanrasset Algeria
daat=Tamanrasset Algeria
gjl=Jijel Algeria
daav=Jijel Algeria
daay=Mecheria Algeria
daaz=Relizane Algeria
aae=Annaba Algeria
dabb=Annaba Algeria
czl=Constantine Algeria
dabc=Constantine Algeria
tee=Tebessa Algeria
dabs=Tebessa Algeria
hrm=Tilrempt Algeria
dafh=Tilrempt Algeria
tid=Tiaret Algeria
daob=Tiaret Algeria
daoe=Bou Sfer Algeria
tin=Tindouf Algeria
daof=Tindouf Algeria
qas=Ech-cheliff Algeria
daoi=Ech-cheliff Algeria
taf=Oran Algeria
daol=Oran Algeria
tlm=Tlemcen Algeria
daon=Tlemcen Algeria
orn=Oran Algeria
daoo=Oran Algeria
daos=Sidi Bel Abbes Algeria
muw=Ghriss Algeria
daov=Ghriss Algeria
azr=Adrar Algeria
daua=Adrar Algeria
bsk=Biskra Algeria
daub=Biskra Algeria
elg=El Golea Algeria
daue=El Golea Algeria
gha=Ghardaia Algeria
daug=Ghardaia Algeria
hme=Hassi Messaoud Algeria
dauh=Hassi Messaoud Algeria
inz=In Salah Algeria
daui=In Salah Algeria
tgr=Touggourt Algeria
dauk=Touggourt Algeria
loo=Laghouat Algeria
daul=Laghouat Algeria
tmx=Timimoun Algeria
daut=Timimoun Algeria
ogx=Ouargla Algeria
dauu=Ouargla Algeria
iam=Zarzaitine Algeria
dauz=Zarzaitine Algeria
coo=Cotonou Benin
dbbb=Cotonou Benin
oua=Ouagadougou Burkina Faso
dffd=Ouagadougou Burkina Faso
boy=Bobo-dioulasso Burkina Faso
dfoo=Bobo-dioulasso Burkina Faso
acc=Accra Ghana
dgaa=Accra Ghana
tml=Tamale Ghana
dgle=Tamale Ghana
dglw=Wa Ghana
nyi=Sunyani Ghana
dgsn=Sunyani Ghana
tkd=Takoradi Ghana
dgtk=Takoradi Ghana
abj=Abidjan Cote d'Ivoire
diap=Abidjan Cote d'Ivoire
byk=Bouake Cote d'Ivoire
dibk=Bouake Cote d'Ivoire
djo=Daloa Cote d'Ivoire
didl=Daloa Cote d'Ivoire
hgo=Korhogo Cote d'Ivoire
diko=Korhogo Cote d'Ivoire
mjc=Man Cote d'Ivoire
dimn=Man Cote d'Ivoire
spy=San Pedro Cote d'Ivoire
disp=San Pedro Cote d'Ivoire
ask=Yamoussoukro Cote d'Ivoire
diyo=Yamoussoukro Cote d'Ivoire
abv=Abuja Nigeria
dnaa=Abuja Nigeria
akr=Akure Nigeria
dnak=Akure Nigeria
bni=Benin Nigeria
dnbe=Benin Nigeria
cbq=Calabar Nigeria
dnca=Calabar Nigeria
enu=Enugu Nigeria
dnen=Enugu Nigeria
qus=Gusau Nigeria
dngu=Gusau Nigeria
iba=Ibadan Nigeria
dnib=Ibadan Nigeria
ilr=Ilorin Nigeria
dnil=Ilorin Nigeria
jos=Jos Nigeria
dnjo=Jos Nigeria
kad=Kaduna Nigeria
dnka=Kaduna Nigeria
kan=Kano Nigeria
dnkn=Kano Nigeria
miu=Maiduguri Nigeria
dnma=Maiduguri Nigeria
mdi=Makurdi Nigeria
dnmk=Makurdi Nigeria
los=Lagos Nigeria
dnmm=Lagos Nigeria
mxj=Minna Nigeria
dnmn=Minna Nigeria
phc=Port Hartcourt Nigeria
dnpo=Port Hartcourt Nigeria
sko=Sokoto Nigeria
dnso=Sokoto Nigeria
yol=Yola Nigeria
dnyo=Yola Nigeria
zar=Zaria Nigeria
dnza=Zaria Nigeria
mfq=Maradi Niger
drrm=Maradi Niger
nim=Niamey Niger
drrn=Niamey Niger
thz=Tahoua Niger
drrt=Tahoua Niger
ajy=Agadez Niger
drza=Agadez Niger
drzd=Dirkou Niger
drzf=Diffa Niger
znd=Zinder Niger
drzr=Zinder Niger
mir=Monastir Tunisia
dtmb=Monastir Tunisia
tun=Tunis Tunisia
dtta=Tunis Tunisia
dttb=Bizerte Tunisia
dttd=Remada Tunisia
gaf=Gafsa Tunisia
dttf=Gafsa Tunisia
gae=Gabes Tunisia
dttg=Gabes Tunisia
dtti=Bordj El Amri Tunisia
dje=Djerba Tunisia
dttj=Djerba Tunisia
ebm=El Borma Tunisia
dttr=El Borma Tunisia
sfa=Sfax Tunisia
dttx=Sfax Tunisia
toe=Tozeur Tunisia
dttz=Tozeur Tunisia
lrl=Niatougou Togo
dxng=Niatougou Togo
lfw=Lome Togo
dxxx=Lome Togo
anr=Antwerp Belgium
ebaw=Antwerp Belgium
ebbe=Beauvechain Belgium
ebbl=Kleine Brogel Belgium
bru=Brussels Belgium
ebbr=Brussels Belgium
ebbx=Bertrix Belgium
crl=Charleroi Belgium
ebci=Charleroi Belgium
ebcv=Chievres Belgium
ebfn=Koksijde Belgium
ebfs=Florennes Belgium
qkt=Kortrijk-vevelgem Belgium
ebkt=Kortrijk-vevelgem Belgium
lgg=Liege Belgium
eblg=Liege Belgium
ost=Ostend Belgium
ebos=Ostend Belgium
ebsl=Zutendaal Belgium
ebst=Sint-truiden Belgium
ebsu=St.-hubert Belgium
ebul=Ursel Belgium
ebwe=Weelde Belgium
ebzr=Zoersel Belgium
bbj=Bautzen Germany
edab=Bautzen Germany
aoc=Altenburg Germany
edac=Altenburg Germany
edad=Dessau Germany
edae=Eisenhuettenstadt Germany
4i7=Greencastle United States
edak=Suhl Germany
edam=Muehlhausen Germany
edaq=Halle Germany
edau=Riesa Germany
edax=Rechlin-laerz Germany
eday=Strausberg Germany
edaz=Schoenhagen Germany
bbh=Barth Germany
edbh=Barth Germany
edbj=Jena Germany
edbk=Kyritz Germany
edbm=Magdeburg Germany
edbr=Rothenburg/ol Germany
edca=Anklam Germany
edcd=Cottbus Germany
edcm=Kamenz Germany
sxf=Berlin Germany
eddb=Berlin Germany
drs=Dresden Germany
eddc=Dresden Germany
erf=Erfurt Germany
edde=Erfurt Germany
fra=Frankfurt Germany
eddf=Frankfurt Germany
fmo=Munster Germany
eddg=Munster Germany
ham=Hamburg Germany
eddh=Hamburg Germany
thf=Berlin Germany
eddi=Berlin Germany
cgn=Cologne Germany
eddk=Cologne Germany
dus=Duesseldorf Germany
eddl=Duesseldorf Germany
muc=Munich Germany
eddm=Munich Germany
nue=Nuernberg Germany
eddn=Nuernberg Germany
lej=Leipzig Germany
eddp=Leipzig Germany
scn=Saarbruecken Germany
eddr=Saarbruecken Germany
str=Stuttgart Germany
edds=Stuttgart Germany
txl=Berlin Germany
eddt=Berlin Germany
haj=Hannover Germany
eddv=Hannover Germany
bre=Bremen Germany
eddw=Bremen Germany
edfe=Egelsbach Germany
hhn=Hahn Germany
edfh=Hahn Germany
mhg=Mannheim Germany
edfm=Mannheim Germany
edfq=Allendorf Germany
edfv=Worms Germany
edfz=Mainz Germany
edge=Eisenach Germany
edgs=Siegerland Germany
xfw=Hamburg Germany
edhi=Hamburg Germany
kel=Kiel Germany
edhk=Kiel Germany
lbc=Luebeck Germany
edhl=Luebeck Germany
edkv=Dahlemer Binz Germany
edkz=Meinerzhagen Germany
zca=Arnsberg Germany
edla=Arnsberg Germany
ess=Essen Germany
edle=Essen Germany
edli=Bielefeld Germany
mgl=Moenchengladbach Germany
edln=Moenchengladbach Germany
pad=Paderborn Germany
edlp=Paderborn Germany
edls=Stadtlohn Germany
dtm=Dortmund Germany
edlw=Dortmund Germany
agb=Augsburg Germany
edma=Augsburg Germany
edmb=Biberach Germany
edme=Eggenfelden Germany
edmn=Mindelheim Germany
obf=Oberpfaffenhofen Germany
edmo=Oberpfaffenhofen Germany
edms=Straubing Germany
edmv=Vilshofen Germany
ednl=Leutkirch Germany
fdh=Friedrichshafen Germany
edny=Friedrichshafen Germany
szw=Parchim Germany
edop=Parchim Germany
zsn=Stendal Germany
edov=Stendal Germany
edpa=Aalen-heidenheim Germany
byu=Bayreuth Germany
edqd=Bayreuth Germany
edqe=Burg Feuerstein Germany
hoq=Hof Germany
edqm=Hof Germany
edqt=Hassfurt Germany
znv=Koblenz Germany
edrk=Koblenz Germany
zqf=Trier Germany
edrt=Trier Germany
zqc=Speyer Germany
edry=Speyer Germany
edrz=Zweibruecken Germany
zql=Donaueschingen Germany
edtd=Donaueschingen Germany
edtf=Freiburg Germany
edtm=Mengen Germany
edty=Schwaebisch Hall Germany
edus=Soest Germany
bwe=Braunschweig Germany
edve=Braunschweig Germany
ksf=Kassel Germany
edvk=Kassel Germany
edvm=Hildesheim Germany
brv=Bremerhaven Germany
edwb=Bremerhaven Germany
eme=Emden Germany
edwe=Emden Germany
edwf=Leer Germany
wvn=Wilhelmshaven Germany
edwi=Wilhelmshaven Germany
bmk=Borkum Germany
edwr=Borkum Germany
nrd=Norderney Germany
edwy=Norderney Germany
flf=Flensburg Germany
edxf=Flensburg Germany
edxr=Rendsburg Germany
gwt=Westerland Germany
edxw=Westerland Germany
eeei=Armari Air Force Base Estonia
kdl=Kardla Estonia
eeka=Kardla Estonia
ure=Kuressaare Estonia
eeke=Kuressaare Estonia
epu=Parnu Estonia
eepu=Parnu Estonia
tll=Tallinn-ulemiste International Estonia
eetn=Tallinn-ulemiste International Estonia
tay=Tartu Estonia
eetu=Tartu Estonia
enf=Enontekio Finland
efet=Enontekio Finland
efeu=Eura Finland
kev=Halli Finland
efha=Halli Finland
hem=Helsinki Finland
efhf=Helsinki Finland
hel=Helsinki Finland
efhk=Helsinki Finland
efhm=Hameenkyro Finland
efhn=Hanko Finland
hyv=Hyvinkaa Finland
efhv=Hyvinkaa Finland
efik=Kikala Finland
efim=Immola Finland
efit=Kitee Finland
ivl=Ivalo Finland
efiv=Ivalo Finland
joe=Joensuu Finland
efjo=Joensuu Finland
jyv=Jyvaskyla Finland
efjy=Jyvaskyla Finland
kau=Kauhava Finland
efka=Kauhava Finland
kem=Kemi Finland
efke=Kemi Finland
kaj=Kajaani Finland
efki=Kajaani Finland
efkj=Kauhajoki Finland
kok=Kruunupyy Finland
efkk=Kruunupyy Finland
efkm=Kemijarvi Finland
kao=Kuusamo Finland
efks=Kuusamo Finland
ktt=Kittila Finland
efkt=Kittila Finland
kuo=Kuopio Finland
efku=Kuopio Finland
efla=Vesivehmaa Finland
lpp=Lappeenranta Finland
eflp=Lappeenranta Finland
mhq=Mariehamn Finland
efma=Mariehamn Finland
efme=Menkijarvi Finland
mik=Mikkeli Finland
efmi=Mikkeli Finland
efnu=Nummela Finland
oul=Oulu Finland
efou=Oulu Finland
efpi=Piikajarvi Finland
por=Pori Finland
efpo=Pori Finland
efpu=Pudasjarvi Finland
efpy=Pyhasalmi Finland
efrh=Pattijoki Finland
efrn=Rantasalmi Finland
rvn=Rovaniemi Finland
efro=Rovaniemi Finland
efry=Rayskala Finland
svl=Savonlinna Finland
efsa=Savonlinna Finland
efse=Selanpaa Finland
sot=Sodankyla Finland
efso=Sodankyla Finland
tmp=Tampere Finland
eftp=Tampere Finland
efts=Teisko Finland
tku=Turku Finland
eftu=Turku Finland
qvy=Utti Finland
efut=Utti Finland
vaa=Vaasa Finland
efva=Vaasa Finland
vrk=Varkaus Finland
efvr=Varkaus Finland
efyl=Ylivieska-raudaskyla Finland
bfs=Belfast United Kingdom
egaa=Belfast United Kingdom
enk=Enniskillen United Kingdom
egab=Enniskillen United Kingdom
bhd=Belfast United Kingdom
egac=Belfast United Kingdom
ldy=Londonderry United Kingdom
egae=Londonderry United Kingdom
bhx=Birmingham United Kingdom
egbb=Birmingham United Kingdom
cvt=Coventry United Kingdom
egbe=Coventry United Kingdom
egbg=Leicester United Kingdom
glo=Golouchestershire United Kingdom
egbj=Golouchestershire United Kingdom
egbo=Halfpenny Green United Kingdom
egbp=Pailton United Kingdom
egbt=Turweston United Kingdom
egbw=Wellesbourne United Kingdom
man=Manchester United Kingdom
egcc=Manchester United Kingdom
egcd=Woodfort United Kingdom
egdc=Chivenor United Kingdom
nqy=Newquai United Kingdom
egdg=Newquai United Kingdom
lye=Lyneham United Kingdom
egdl=Lyneham United Kingdom
egdm=Boscombe Down United Kingdom
egdr=Culdrose United Kingdom
egdx=St. Athan United Kingdom
yeo=Yeovilton United Kingdom
egdy=Yeovilton United Kingdom
egfe=Haverfordwest United Kingdom
cwl=Cardiff United Kingdom
egff=Cardiff United Kingdom
sws=Swansea United Kingdom
egfh=Swansea United Kingdom
brs=Bristol United Kingdom
eggd=Bristol United Kingdom
lpl=Liverpool United Kingdom
eggp=Liverpool United Kingdom
ltn=London United Kingdom
eggw=London United Kingdom
plh=Plymouth United Kingdom
eghd=Plymouth United Kingdom
boh=Bournemouth United Kingdom
eghh=Bournemouth United Kingdom
sou=Southampton United Kingdom
eghi=Southampton United Kingdom
qla=Lasham United Kingdom
eghl=Lasham United Kingdom
aci=Alderney Guernsey
egja=Alderney Guernsey
gci=Guernsey Guernsey
egjb=Guernsey Guernsey
jer=Jersey Jersey
egjj=Jersey Jersey
esh=Shoreham By Sea United Kingdom
egka=Shoreham By Sea United Kingdom
bqh=Biggin Hill United Kingdom
egkb=Biggin Hill United Kingdom
lgw=London United Kingdom
egkk=London United Kingdom
lcy=London United Kingdom
eglc=London United Kingdom
fab=Farnborough United Kingdom
eglf=Farnborough United Kingdom
eglj=Chalsgrove United Kingdom
bbs=Blackbushe United Kingdom
eglk=Blackbushe United Kingdom
lhr=London United Kingdom
egll=London United Kingdom
sen=Southend United Kingdom
egmc=Southend United Kingdom
lyx=Lydd United Kingdom
egmd=Lydd United Kingdom
mse=Manston United Kingdom
egmh=Manston United Kingdom
egnb=Brough United Kingdom
cax=Carlisle United Kingdom
egnc=Carlisle United Kingdom
egne=Repton United Kingdom
blk=Blackpool United Kingdom
egnh=Blackpool United Kingdom
huy=Humberside United Kingdom
egnj=Humberside United Kingdom
bwf=Barrow Island United Kingdom
egnl=Barrow Island United Kingdom
lba=Leeds United Kingdom
egnm=Leeds United Kingdom
egno=Warton United Kingdom
ceg=Hawarden United Kingdom
egnr=Hawarden United Kingdom
iom=Isle Of Man Isle of Man
egns=Isle Of Man Isle of Man
ncl=Newcastle United Kingdom
egnt=Newcastle United Kingdom
mme=Teesside United Kingdom
egnv=Teesside United Kingdom
ema=East Midlands United Kingdom
egnx=East Midlands United Kingdom
egod=Llanbedr United Kingdom
egoe=Ternhill United Kingdom
egos=Shawbury United Kingdom
egow=Woodvale United Kingdom
koi=Kirkwall United Kingdom
egpa=Kirkwall United Kingdom
lsi=Sumburgh United Kingdom
egpb=Sumburgh United Kingdom
wic=Wick United Kingdom
egpc=Wick United Kingdom
abz=Aberdeen United Kingdom
egpd=Aberdeen United Kingdom
inv=Inverness United Kingdom
egpe=Inverness United Kingdom
gla=Glasgow United Kingdom
egpf=Glasgow United Kingdom
edi=Edinburgh United Kingdom
egph=Edinburgh United Kingdom
ily=Islay United Kingdom
egpi=Islay United Kingdom
pik=Prestwick United Kingdom
egpk=Prestwick United Kingdom
beb=Benbecula United Kingdom
egpl=Benbecula United Kingdom
sdz=Scatsta United Kingdom
egpm=Scatsta United Kingdom
dnd=Dundee United Kingdom
egpn=Dundee United Kingdom
syy=Stornoway United Kingdom
egpo=Stornoway United Kingdom
tre=Tiree United Kingdom
egpu=Tiree United Kingdom
adx=Leuchars United Kingdom
egql=Leuchars United Kingdom
lmo=Lossiemouth United Kingdom
egqs=Lossiemouth United Kingdom
cbg=Cambridge United Kingdom
egsc=Cambridge United Kingdom
egsf=Peterborough United Kingdom
nwi=Norwich United Kingdom
egsh=Norwich United Kingdom
stn=London United Kingdom
egss=London United Kingdom
egsx=North Weald United Kingdom
egsy=Fowlmere United Kingdom
egtc=Cranfield United Kingdom
ext=Exeter United Kingdom
egte=Exeter United Kingdom
fzo=Bristol United Kingdom
egtg=Bristol United Kingdom
oxf=Oxford United Kingdom
egtk=Oxford United Kingdom
egub=Benson United Kingdom
egul=Lakenheath United Kingdom
mhz=Mildenhall United Kingdom
egun=Mildenhall United Kingdom
eguw=Wattisham United Kingdom
eguy=Wyton United Kingdom
ffd=Fairford United Kingdom
egva=Fairford United Kingdom
bzz=Brize Norton United Kingdom
egvn=Brize Norton United Kingdom
odh=Odiham United Kingdom
egvo=Odiham United Kingdom
egwc=Cosford United Kingdom
nht=Northolt United Kingdom
egwu=Northolt United Kingdom
qcy=Coningsby United Kingdom
egxc=Coningsby United Kingdom
egxd=Dishforth United Kingdom
egxe=Leeming United Kingdom
egxg=Church Fenton United Kingdom
beq=Honington United Kingdom
egxh=Honington United Kingdom
egxj=Cottesmore United Kingdom
egxp=Scampton United Kingdom
egxt=Wittering United Kingdom
egxu=Linton-on-ouse United Kingdom
wtn=Waddington United Kingdom
egxw=Waddington United Kingdom
egxz=Topcliffe United Kingdom
egyd=Cranwell United Kingdom
egye=Barkston Heath United Kingdom
knf=Marham United Kingdom
egym=Marham United Kingdom
mpn=Mount Pleasant Falkland Islands
egyp=Mount Pleasant Falkland Islands
ams=Amsterdam Netherlands
eham=Amsterdam Netherlands
ehbd=Weert Netherlands
mst=Maastricht Netherlands
ehbk=Maastricht Netherlands
ehdl=Deelen Netherlands
ehdr=Drachten Netherlands
ein=Eindhoven Netherlands
eheh=Eindhoven Netherlands
grq=Groningen Netherlands
ehgg=Groningen Netherlands
ehgr=Gilze-rijen Netherlands
dhr=De Kooy Netherlands
ehkd=De Kooy Netherlands
ehle=Lelystad Netherlands
lwr=Leeuwarden Netherlands
ehlw=Leeuwarden Netherlands
rtm=Rotterdam Netherlands
ehrd=Rotterdam Netherlands
ehsb=Soesterberg Netherlands
ens=Enschede Netherlands
ehtw=Enschede Netherlands
lid=Valkenburg Netherlands
ehvb=Valkenburg Netherlands
woe=Woensdrecht Netherlands
ehwo=Woensdrecht Netherlands
ork=Cork Ireland
eick=Cork Ireland
gwy=Galway Ireland
eicm=Galway Ireland
dub=Dublin Ireland
eidw=Dublin Ireland
noc=Connaught Ireland
eikn=Connaught Ireland
kir=Kerry Ireland
eiky=Kerry Ireland
eime=Casement Ireland
snn=Shannon Ireland
einn=Shannon Ireland
sxl=Sligo Ireland
eisg=Sligo Ireland
wat=Waterford Ireland
eiwf=Waterford Ireland
aar=Aarhus Denmark
ekah=Aarhus Denmark
bll=Billund Denmark
ekbi=Billund Denmark
cph=Copenhagen Denmark
ekch=Copenhagen Denmark
ebj=Esbjerg Denmark
ekeb=Esbjerg Denmark
ekgh=Gronholt Denmark
krp=Karup Denmark
ekka=Karup Denmark
ekls=Laeso Denmark
ekmb=Maribo Denmark
ode=Odense Denmark
ekod=Odense Denmark
ekpb=Krusa-padborg Denmark
rke=Copenhagen Denmark
ekrk=Copenhagen Denmark
rnn=Ronne Denmark
ekrn=Ronne Denmark
sgd=Soenderborg Denmark
eksb=Soenderborg Denmark
sks=Skrydstrup Denmark
eksp=Skrydstrup Denmark
eksv=Skive Denmark
ted=Thisted Denmark
ekts=Thisted Denmark
ekvd=Kolding Denmark
fae=Vagar Faroe Islands
ekvg=Vagar Faroe Islands
ekvh=Vesthimmerland Denmark
sta=Stauning Denmark
ekvj=Stauning Denmark
aal=Aalborg Denmark
ekyt=Aalborg Denmark
lux=Luxemburg Luxembourg
ellx=Luxemburg Luxembourg
aes=Alesund Norway
enal=Alesund Norway
anx=Andoya Norway
enan=Andoya Norway
alf=Alta Norway
enat=Alta Norway
enbm=Voss Norway
bnn=Bronnoysund Norway
enbn=Bronnoysund Norway
boo=Bodo Norway
enbo=Bodo Norway
bgo=Bergen Norway
enbr=Bergen Norway
bjf=Batsfjord Norway
enbs=Batsfjord Norway
krs=Kristiansand Norway
encn=Kristiansand Norway
endi=Geilo Norway
bdu=Bardufoss Norway
endu=Bardufoss Norway
eve=Harstad/Narvik Norway
enev=Harstad/Narvik Norway
vdb=Fagernes Norway
enfg=Fagernes Norway
fro=Floro Norway
enfl=Floro Norway
osl=Oslo Norway
engm=Oslo Norway
hau=Haugesund Norway
enhd=Haugesund Norway
haa=Hasvik Norway
enhk=Hasvik Norway
ksu=Kristiansund Norway
enkb=Kristiansund Norway
enkj=Kjeller Norway
kkn=Kirkenes Norway
enkr=Kirkenes Norway
fan=Farsund Norway
enli=Farsund Norway
mol=Molde Norway
enml=Molde Norway
mjf=Mosjoen Norway
enms=Mosjoen Norway
lkl=Lakselv Norway
enna=Lakselv Norway
ntb=Notodden Norway
enno=Notodden Norway
ola=Orland Norway
enol=Orland Norway
rrs=Roros Norway
enro=Roros Norway
ryg=Rygge Norway
enry=Rygge Norway
lyr=Svalbard Norway
ensb=Svalbard Norway
ske=Skien Norway
ensn=Skien Norway
srp=Stord Norway
enso=Stord Norway
ssj=Sandnessjoen Norway
enst=Sandnessjoen Norway
tos=Tromso Norway
entc=Tromso Norway
trf=Sandefjord Norway
ento=Sandefjord Norway
trd=Trondheim Norway
enva=Trondheim Norway
svg=Stavanger Norway
enzv=Stavanger Norway
epbc=Warsaw Poland
gdn=Gdansk Poland
epgd=Gdansk Poland
krk=Krakow Poland
epkk=Krakow Poland
epkm=Katowice Poland
ktw=Katowice Poland
epkt=Katowice Poland
epml=Mielec Poland
poz=Poznan Poland
eppo=Poznan Poland
rze=Rzeszow Poland
eprz=Rzeszow Poland
szz=Szczecin Poland
epsc=Szczecin Poland
osp=Slupsk Poland
epsk=Slupsk Poland
epsn=Shapaja Poland
waw=Warsaw Poland
epwa=Warsaw Poland
wro=Wroclaw Poland
epwr=Wroclaw Poland
ieg=Zielona Gora Poland
epzg=Zielona Gora Poland
escf=Linkoeping Sweden
esck=Norrkoeping Sweden
escm=Uppsala Sweden
rnb=Ronneby Sweden
esdf=Ronneby Sweden
esfr=Rada Sweden
got=Gothenborg Sweden
esgg=Gothenborg Sweden
jkg=Joenkoeping Sweden
esgj=Joenkoeping Sweden
esgk=Falkoping Sweden
ldk=Lidkoping Sweden
esgl=Lidkoping Sweden
gse=Gothenborg Sweden
esgp=Gothenborg Sweden
kvb=Skovde Sweden
esgr=Skovde Sweden
thn=Trollhattan Sweden
esgt=Trollhattan Sweden
esia=Karlsborg Sweden
esib=Satenas Sweden
eskb=Stockholm Sweden
ksk=Karlskoga Sweden
eskk=Karlskoga Sweden
mxx=Mora Sweden
eskm=Mora Sweden
nyo=Stockholm Sweden
eskn=Stockholm Sweden
eskv=Arvika Sweden
esma=Emmaboda Sweden
esmg=Ljungby Sweden
kid=Kristianstad Sweden
esmk=Kristianstad Sweden
jld=Landskrona Sweden
esml=Landskrona Sweden
osk=Oskarshamn Sweden
esmo=Oskarshamn Sweden
esmp=Anderstorp Sweden
klr=Kalkmar Sweden
esmq=Kalkmar Sweden
mmx=Malmoe Sweden
esms=Malmoe Sweden
had=Halmstad Sweden
esmt=Halmstad Sweden
esmv=Hagshult Sweden
vxo=Vaxjo Sweden
esmx=Vaxjo Sweden
esna=Hallviken Sweden
esnc=Hede Sweden
evg=Sveg Sweden
esnd=Sveg Sweden
gev=Gallivare Sweden
esng=Gallivare Sweden
huv=Hudiksvall Sweden
esnh=Hudiksvall Sweden
esnj=Jokkmokk Sweden
krf=Kramfors Sweden
esnk=Kramfors Sweden
lyc=Lycksele Sweden
esnl=Lycksele Sweden
esnm=Optand Sweden
sdl=Sundsvall Sweden
esnn=Sundsvall Sweden
oer=Ornskoldsvik Sweden
esno=Ornskoldsvik Sweden
esnp=Pitea Sweden
krn=Kiruna Sweden
esnq=Kiruna Sweden
esnr=Orsa Sweden
sft=Skelleftea Sweden
esns=Skelleftea Sweden
esnt=Sattna Sweden
ume=Umea Sweden
esnu=Umea Sweden
vhm=Vilhelmina Sweden
esnv=Vilhelmina Sweden
ajr=Arvidsjaur Sweden
esnx=Arvidsjaur Sweden
orb=Orebro Sweden
esoe=Orebro Sweden
vst=Vasteras Sweden
esow=Vasteras Sweden
lla=Lulea Sweden
espa=Lulea Sweden
espe=Vidsel Sweden
esqo=Arboga Sweden
arn=Stockholm Sweden
essa=Stockholm Sweden
bma=Stockholm Sweden
essb=Stockholm Sweden
ble=Borlange Sweden
essd=Borlange Sweden
hlf=Hultsfred Sweden
essf=Hultsfred Sweden
gvx=Gavle Sweden
essk=Gavle Sweden
lpi=Linkoeping Sweden
essl=Linkoeping Sweden
nrk=Norrkoeping Sweden
essp=Norrkoeping Sweden
essu=Eskilstuna Sweden
vby=Visby Sweden
essv=Visby Sweden
esuk=Kalixfors Sweden
spm=Spangdahlem Germany
etad=Spangdahlem Germany
rms=Ramstein Germany
etar=Ramstein Germany
etej=Bamberg Germany
ghf=Giebelstadt Germany
eteu=Giebelstadt Germany
ethb=Brueckeburg Germany
zcn=Celle Germany
ethc=Celle Germany
ethe=Rheine-brentlange Germany
ethf=Fritzlar Germany
ethl=Laupheim Germany
ethm=Mendig Germany
ethn=Niederstetten Germany
ethr=Roth Germany
eths=Fassberg Germany
etic=Grafenwoehr Germany
znf=Hanau Germany
etid=Hanau Germany
etih=Hohenfels Germany
etin=Kitzingen Germany
etmn=Nordholz Germany
etnd=Diepholz Germany
gke=Geilenkirchen Germany
etng=Geilenkirchen Germany
etnh=Hohn Germany
etnj=Jever Germany
rlg=Laage Germany
etnl=Laage Germany
etnn=Noervenich Germany
etns=Schleswig Germany
etnt=Wittmundhafen Germany
etnu=Neubrandenburg Germany
etnw=Wunstorf Germany
etoi=Vilseck Germany
etor=Coleman Germany
etou=Wiesbaden Germany
etsa=Landsberg Germany
etsb=Buechel Germany
etse=Erding Germany
fel=Fuerstenfeldbruck Germany
etsf=Fuerstenfeldbruck Germany
etsh=Holzdorf Germany
etsi=Ingolstadt Germany
etsl=Lechfeld Germany
etsn=Neuburg Germany
gut=Guetersloh Germany
etuo=Guetersloh Germany
alj=Alexander Bay South Africa
faab=Alexander Bay South Africa
agz=Aggeneys South Africa
faag=Aggeneys South Africa
fabb=Brakpan South Africa
biy=Bisho South Africa
fabe=Bisho South Africa
bfn=Bloemfontein South Africa
fabl=Bloemfontein South Africa
fabm=Bethlehem South Africa
fabo=Bothaville South Africa
cpt=Cape Town South Africa
fact=Cape Town South Africa
facv=Calvinia South Africa
dur=Durban South Africa
fadn=Durban South Africa
els=East London South Africa
fael=East London South Africa
faeo=Ermelo South Africa
fafb=Ficksburg South Africa
gcj=Johannesburg South Africa
fagc=Johannesburg South Africa
grj=George South Africa
fagg=George South Africa
fagr=Graaff Reinet South Africa
fagt=Grahamstown South Africa
fagy=Greytown South Africa
faha=Harmony South Africa
fahr=Harrismith South Africa
hds=Hoedspruit South Africa
fahs=Hoedspruit South Africa
fahv=Hendrik Verwoerddam South Africa
jnb=Johannesburg South Africa
fajs=Johannesburg South Africa
fakd=Klerksdorp South Africa
kim=Kimberley South Africa
fakm=Kimberley South Africa
fakr=Krugersdorp South Africa
faks=Kroonstad South Africa
faku=Kuruman South Africa
klz=Kleinsee South Africa
fakz=Kleinsee South Africa
hla=Johannesburg South Africa
fala=Johannesburg South Africa
fali=Lichtenburg South Africa
falm=Lambertsbaai South Africa
falw=Langebaanweg South Africa
lay=Ladysmith South Africa
faly=Ladysmith South Africa
famb=Middelburg South Africa
mgh=Margate South Africa
famg=Margate South Africa
fami=Marble Hall South Africa
famj=Majuba Power Station South Africa
famn=Malalane South Africa
mez=Musina South Africa
fams=Musina South Africa
famu=Mkuze South Africa
ncs=Newcastle South Africa
fanc=Newcastle South Africa
fany=Nylstroom South Africa
faob=Overberg South Africa
duh=Oudtshoorn South Africa
faoh=Oudtshoorn South Africa
plz=Port Elizabeth South Africa
fape=Port Elizabeth South Africa
fapg=Plettenberg Bay South Africa
phw=Phalaborwa South Africa
faph=Phalaborwa South Africa
ptg=Polokwane South Africa
fapi=Polokwane South Africa
fapj=Port Saint Johns South Africa
pzb=Pietermaritzburg South Africa
fapm=Pietermaritzburg South Africa
nty=Pilanesberg South Africa
fapn=Pilanesberg South Africa
fapp=Potgietersrus South Africa
faps=Potchefstroom South Africa
fapy=Parys South Africa
utw=Queenstown South Africa
faqt=Queenstown South Africa
rcb=Richard's Bay South Africa
farb=Richard's Bay South Africa
farg=Rustenburg South Africa
fars=Robertson South Africa
sbu=Springbok South Africa
fasb=Springbok South Africa
fasc=Secunda South Africa
fasd=Saldanha South Africa
fasi=Springs South Africa
fask=Swartkop South Africa
sis=Sishen South Africa
fass=Sishen South Africa
fasx=Swellendam South Africa
szk=Skukuza South Africa
fasz=Skukuza South Africa
fatf=Tommy's Field South Africa
fatp=Bloemfontein South Africa
fatt=Tutuka South Africa
lta=Tzaneen South Africa
fatz=Tzaneen South Africa
uld=Ulundi South Africa
faul=Ulundi South Africa
utn=Upington South Africa
faup=Upington South Africa
utt=Umtata South Africa
faut=Umtata South Africa
vru=Vryburg South Africa
favb=Vryburg South Africa
vir=Durban South Africa
favg=Durban South Africa
favr=Vredendal South Africa
favv=Vereeniging South Africa
pry=Pretoria South Africa
fawb=Pretoria South Africa
fawi=Witbank South Africa
fawk=Waterkloof South Africa
wel=Welkom South Africa
fawm=Welkom South Africa
fayp=Ysterplaat South Africa
fazr=Zeerust South Africa
frw=Francistown Botswana
fbft=Francistown Botswana
jwa=Jwaneng Botswana
fbjw=Jwaneng Botswana
bbk=Kasane Botswana
fbke=Kasane Botswana
mub=Maun Botswana
fbmn=Maun Botswana
gbe=Gaberone Botswana
fbsk=Gaberone Botswana
pkw=Selebi-phikwe Botswana
fbsp=Selebi-phikwe Botswana
bzv=Brazzaville Congo (Brazzaville)
fcbb=Brazzaville Congo (Brazzaville)
ftx=Owando Congo (Kinshasa)
fcoo=Owando Congo (Kinshasa)
oue=Ouesso Congo (Kinshasa)
fcou=Ouesso Congo (Kinshasa)
pnr=Pointe-noire Congo (Brazzaville)
fcpp=Pointe-noire Congo (Brazzaville)
mts=Manzini Swaziland
fdms=Manzini Swaziland
bgf=Bangui Central African Republic
feff=Bangui Central African Republic
bbt=Berberati Central African Republic
feft=Berberati Central African Republic
bsg=Bata Equatorial Guinea
fgbt=Bata Equatorial Guinea
ssg=Malabo Equatorial Guinea
fgsl=Malabo Equatorial Guinea
fhaw=Wide Awake Saint Helena
mru=Plaisance Mauritius
fimp=Plaisance Mauritius
rrg=Rodriguez Island Mauritius
fimr=Rodriguez Island Mauritius
fjdg=Diego Garcia Island British Indian Ocean Territory
tkc=Tiko Cameroon
fkkc=Tiko Cameroon
dla=Douala Cameroon
fkkd=Douala Cameroon
mvr=Maroua Cameroon
fkkl=Maroua Cameroon
fom=Foumban Cameroon
fkkm=Foumban Cameroon
nge=N'gaoundere Cameroon
fkkn=N'gaoundere Cameroon
gou=Garoua Cameroon
fkkr=Garoua Cameroon
bfx=Bafoussam Cameroon
fkku=Bafoussam Cameroon
bpc=Bamenda Cameroon
fkkv=Bamenda Cameroon
yao=Yaounde Cameroon
fkky=Yaounde Cameroon
flke=Kasompe Zambia
lvi=Livingstone Zambia
flli=Livingstone Zambia
lun=Lusaka Zambia
flls=Lusaka Zambia
mfu=Mfuwe Zambia
flmf=Mfuwe Zambia
flmg=Mongu Zambia
nla=Ndola Zambia
flnd=Ndola Zambia
kiw=Southdowns Zambia
flso=Southdowns Zambia
hah=Moroni Comoros
fmch=Moroni Comoros
nwa=Moheli Comoros
fmci=Moheli Comoros
ajn=Anjouan Comoros
fmcv=Anjouan Comoros
dza=Dzaoudzi Mayotte
fmcz=Dzaoudzi Mayotte
run=St.-denis Reunion
fmee=St.-denis Reunion
zse=St.-pierre Reunion
fmep=St.-pierre Reunion
tnr=Antananarivo Madagascar
fmmi=Antananarivo Madagascar
zva=Miandrivazo Madagascar
fmmn=Miandrivazo Madagascar
sms=Sainte Marie Madagascar
fmms=Sainte Marie Madagascar
tmm=Toamasina Madagascar
fmmt=Toamasina Madagascar
moq=Morondava Madagascar
fmmv=Morondava Madagascar
die=Antsiranana Madagascar
fmna=Antsiranana Madagascar
wmr=Mananara Madagascar
fmnc=Mananara Madagascar
zwa=Andapa Madagascar
fmnd=Andapa Madagascar
amb=Ambilobe Madagascar
fmne=Ambilobe Madagascar
anm=Antalaha Madagascar
fmnh=Antalaha Madagascar
hva=Analalava Madagascar
fmnl=Analalava Madagascar
mjn=Mahajanga Madagascar
fmnm=Mahajanga Madagascar
nos=Nosy-be Madagascar
fmnn=Nosy-be Madagascar
bpy=Besalampy Madagascar
fmnq=Besalampy Madagascar
wmn=Maroantsetra Madagascar
fmnr=Maroantsetra Madagascar
svb=Sambava Madagascar
fmns=Sambava Madagascar
voh=Vohemar Madagascar
fmnv=Vohemar Madagascar
wai=Antsohihy Madagascar
fmnw=Antsohihy Madagascar
fmnz=Ampampamena Madagascar
ftu=Tolagnaro Madagascar
fmsd=Tolagnaro Madagascar
wfi=Fianarantsoa Madagascar
fmsf=Fianarantsoa Madagascar
rva=Farafangana Madagascar
fmsg=Farafangana Madagascar
wvk=Manakara Madagascar
fmsk=Manakara Madagascar
mnj=Mananjary Madagascar
fmsm=Mananjary Madagascar
mxm=Morombe Madagascar
fmsr=Morombe Madagascar
tle=Toliara Madagascar
fmst=Toliara Madagascar
ssy=M'banza-congo Angola
fnbc=M'banza-congo Angola
bug=Benguela Angola
fnbg=Benguela Angola
cab=Cabinda Angola
fnca=Cabinda Angola
cpx=Culebra Island Puerto Rico
tjcp=Culebra Island Puerto Rico
nov=Huambo Angola
fnhu=Huambo Angola
svp=Kuito Angola
fnku=Kuito Angola
fnlb=Lobito Angola
lad=Luanda Angola
fnlu=Luanda Angola
meg=Malanje Angola
fnma=Malanje Angola
spp=Menongue Angola
fnme=Menongue Angola
gxg=Negage Angola
fnng=Negage Angola
pbn=Porto Amboim Angola
fnpa=Porto Amboim Angola
vhc=Saurimo Angola
fnsa=Saurimo Angola
sza=Soyo Angola
fnso=Soyo Angola
sdd=Lubango Angola
fnub=Lubango Angola
luo=Luena Angola
fnue=Luena Angola
ugo=Uige Angola
fnug=Uige Angola
xgn=Xangongo Angola
fnxa=Xangongo Angola
oye=Oyem Gabon
fogo=Oyem Gabon
okn=Okondja Gabon
fogq=Okondja Gabon
lbq=Lambarene Gabon
fogr=Lambarene Gabon
bmm=Bitam Gabon
foob=Bitam Gabon
pog=Port Gentil Gabon
foog=Port Gentil Gabon
omb=Omboue Hospial Gabon
fooh=Omboue Hospial Gabon
mku=Makokou Gabon
fook=Makokou Gabon
lbv=Libreville Gabon
fool=Libreville Gabon
mvb=Franceville Gabon
foon=Franceville Gabon
pcp=Principe Sao Tome and Principe
fppr=Principe Sao Tome and Principe
tms=Sao Tome Sao Tome and Principe
fpst=Sao Tome Sao Tome and Principe
bew=Beira Mozambique
fqbr=Beira Mozambique
inh=Inhambane Mozambique
fqin=Inhambane Mozambique
vxc=Lichinga Mozambique
fqlc=Lichinga Mozambique
fqlu=Lumbo Mozambique
mpm=Maputo Mozambique
fqma=Maputo Mozambique
fqmd=Mueda Mozambique
mzb=Mocimboa Da Praia Mozambique
fqmp=Mocimboa Da Praia Mozambique
fqmr=Marrupa Mozambique
mnc=Nacala Mozambique
fqnc=Nacala Mozambique
apl=Nampula Mozambique
fqnp=Nampula Mozambique
pol=Pemba Mozambique
fqpb=Pemba Mozambique
uel=Quelimane Mozambique
fqql=Quelimane Mozambique
fqsg=Songo Mozambique
tet=Tete Mozambique
fqtt=Tete Mozambique
fqug=Ulongwe Mozambique
vnx=Vilankulu Mozambique
fqvl=Vilankulu Mozambique
fsal=Alphonse Seychelles
des=Desroches Seychelles
fsdr=Desroches Seychelles
fsfa=Farquhar Seychelles
sez=Mahe Seychelles
fsia=Mahe Seychelles
pri=Praslin Seychelles
fspp=Praslin Seychelles
fssc=Coetivy Seychelles
aeh=Abeche Chad
fttc=Abeche Chad
mqq=Moundou Chad
fttd=Moundou Chad
ndj=N'djamena Chad
fttj=N'djamena Chad
fyt=Faya-largeau Chad
ftty=Faya-largeau Chad
buq=Bulawayo Zimbabwe
fvbu=Bulawayo Zimbabwe
fvcp=Harare Zimbabwe
bfo=Chiredzi Zimbabwe
fvcz=Chiredzi Zimbabwe
vfa=Victoria Falls Zimbabwe
fvfa=Victoria Falls Zimbabwe
hre=Harare Zimbabwe
fvha=Harare Zimbabwe
kab=Kariba Zimbabwe
fvkb=Kariba Zimbabwe
fvmt=Mutoko Zimbabwe
fvmu=Mutare Zimbabwe
mvz=Masvingo Zimbabwe
fvmv=Masvingo Zimbabwe
fvsh=Zvishavane Zimbabwe
gwe=Gwert Zimbabwe
fvtl=Gwert Zimbabwe
wkm=Hwange National Park Zimbabwe
fvwn=Hwange National Park Zimbabwe
blz=Blantyre Malawi
fwcl=Blantyre Malawi
kgj=Karonga Malawi
fwka=Karonga Malawi
fwkg=Kasungu Malawi
llw=Lilongwe Malawi
fwki=Lilongwe Malawi
zzu=Mzuzu Malawi
fwuu=Mzuzu Malawi
msu=Maseru Lesotho
fxmm=Maseru Lesotho
fxmu=Maseru Lesotho
fih=Kinshasa Congo (Kinshasa)
fzaa=Kinshasa Congo (Kinshasa)
nlo=Kinshasa Congo (Kinshasa)
fzab=Kinshasa Congo (Kinshasa)
mnb=Muanda Congo (Kinshasa)
fzag=Muanda Congo (Kinshasa)
fzai=Kitona Base Congo (Kinshasa)
fdu=Bandoundu Congo (Kinshasa)
fzbo=Bandoundu Congo (Kinshasa)
kkw=Kikwit Congo (Kinshasa)
fzca=Kikwit Congo (Kinshasa)
mdk=Mbandaka Congo (Kinshasa)
fzea=Mbandaka Congo (Kinshasa)
bdt=Gbadolite Congo (Kinshasa)
fzfd=Gbadolite Congo (Kinshasa)
gma=Gemena Congo (Kinshasa)
fzfk=Gemena Congo (Kinshasa)
fzfp=Kotakoli Congo (Kinshasa)
liq=Lisala Congo (Kinshasa)
fzga=Lisala Congo (Kinshasa)
fki=Kisangani Congo (Kinshasa)
fzia=Kisangani Congo (Kinshasa)
irp=Isiro Congo (Kinshasa)
fzjh=Isiro Congo (Kinshasa)
bux=Bunia Congo (Kinshasa)
fzka=Bunia Congo (Kinshasa)
fzkj=Buta Zega Congo (Kinshasa)
bky=Bukavu/kavumu Congo (Kinshasa)
fzma=Bukavu/kavumu Congo (Kinshasa)
gom=Goma Congo (Kinshasa)
fzna=Goma Congo (Kinshasa)
knd=Kindu Congo (Kinshasa)
fzoa=Kindu Congo (Kinshasa)
fbm=Lubumashi Congo (Kinshasa)
fzqa=Lubumashi Congo (Kinshasa)
kwz=Kolwezi Congo (Kinshasa)
fzqm=Kolwezi Congo (Kinshasa)
fmi=Kalemie Congo (Kinshasa)
fzrf=Kalemie Congo (Kinshasa)
kmn=Kamina Base Congo (Kinshasa)
fzsa=Kamina Base Congo (Kinshasa)
kga=Kananga Congo (Kinshasa)
fzua=Kananga Congo (Kinshasa)
mjm=Mbuji-mayi Congo (Kinshasa)
fzwa=Mbuji-mayi Congo (Kinshasa)
bko=Bamako Mali
gabs=Bamako Mali
gaq=Gao Mali
gago=Gao Mali
kys=Kayes Mali
gaky=Kayes Mali
mzi=Mopti Mali
gamb=Mopti Mali
tom=Tombouctou Mali
gatb=Tombouctou Mali
gats=Tessalit Mali
bjl=Banjul Gambia
gbyd=Banjul Gambia
fue=Fuerteventura Spain
gcfv=Fuerteventura Spain
vde=Hierro Spain
gchi=Hierro Spain
spc=Santa Cruz De La Palma Spain
gcla=Santa Cruz De La Palma Spain
lpa=Gran Canaria Spain
gclp=Gran Canaria Spain
ace=Las Palmas Spain
gcrr=Las Palmas Spain
tfs=Tenerife Spain
gcts=Tenerife Spain
tfn=Tenerife Spain
gcxo=Tenerife Spain
mln=Melilla Spain
geml=Melilla Spain
fna=Freetown Sierra Leone
gfll=Freetown Sierra Leone
ggcf=Cufar Guinea-Bissau
mlw=Monrovia Liberia
glmr=Monrovia Liberia
rob=Monrovia Liberia
glrb=Monrovia Liberia
aga=Agadir Morocco
gmaa=Agadir Morocco
tta=Tan Tan Morocco
gmat=Tan Tan Morocco
fez=Fes Morocco
gmff=Fes Morocco
gmfi=Ifrane Morocco
erh=Er-rachidia Morocco
gmfk=Er-rachidia Morocco
mek=Meknes Morocco
gmfm=Meknes Morocco
oud=Oujda Morocco
gmfo=Oujda Morocco
gmmb=Ben Slimane Morocco
rba=Rabat Morocco
gmme=Rabat Morocco
cmn=Casablanca Morocco
gmmn=Casablanca Morocco
rak=Marrakech Morocco
gmmx=Marrakech Morocco
nna=Kentira Morocco
gmmy=Kentira Morocco
ozz=Ouarzazate Morocco
gmmz=Ouarzazate Morocco
ahu=Al Hociema Morocco
gmta=Al Hociema Morocco
ttu=Tetouan Morocco
gmtn=Tetouan Morocco
tng=Tanger Morocco
gmtt=Tanger Morocco
zig=Ziguinchor Senegal
gogg=Ziguinchor Senegal
csk=Cap Skiring Senegal
gogs=Cap Skiring Senegal
klc=Kaolack Senegal
gook=Kaolack Senegal
dkr=Dakar Senegal
gooy=Dakar Senegal
xls=St. Louis Senegal
goss=St. Louis Senegal
bxe=Bakel Senegal
gotb=Bakel Senegal
kgg=Kedougou Senegal
gotk=Kedougou Senegal
tud=Tambacounda Senegal
gott=Tambacounda Senegal
ieo=Aioun El Atrouss Mauritania
gqna=Aioun El Atrouss Mauritania
tiy=Tidjikja Mauritania
gqnd=Tidjikja Mauritania
kfa=Kiffa Mauritania
gqnf=Kiffa Mauritania
emn=Nema Mauritania
gqni=Nema Mauritania
ked=Kaedi Mauritania
gqnk=Kaedi Mauritania
nkc=Nouakschott Mauritania
gqnn=Nouakschott Mauritania
sey=Selibabi Mauritania
gqns=Selibabi Mauritania
atr=Atar Mauritania
gqpa=Atar Mauritania
ndb=Nouadhibou Mauritania
gqpp=Nouadhibou Mauritania
gqpt=Bir Moghrein Mauritania
fig=Fira Guinea
gufa=Fira Guinea
faa=Faranah Guinea
gufh=Faranah Guinea
lek=Labe Guinea
gulb=Labe Guinea
sid=Amilcar Cabral Cape Verde
gvac=Amilcar Cabral Cape Verde
bvc=Boa Vista Cape Verde
gvba=Boa Vista Cape Verde
mmo=Maio Cape Verde
gvma=Maio Cape Verde
sne=Sao Nocolau Island Cape Verde
gvsn=Sao Nocolau Island Cape Verde
vxe=Sao Vicente Island Cape Verde
gvsv=Sao Vicente Island Cape Verde
add=Addis Ababa Ethiopia
haab=Addis Ababa Ethiopia
haal=Addis Ababa Ethiopia
amh=Arba Minch Ethiopia
haam=Arba Minch Ethiopia
axu=Axum Ethiopia
haax=Axum Ethiopia
bjr=Bahar Dar Ethiopia
habd=Bahar Dar Ethiopia
dir=Dire Dawa Ethiopia
hadr=Dire Dawa Ethiopia
gmb=Gambella Ethiopia
hagm=Gambella Ethiopia
gdq=Gondar Ethiopia
hagn=Gondar Ethiopia
aria=Paradies Island Maldives
jim=Jimma Ethiopia
hajm=Jimma Ethiopia
lli=Lalibella Ethiopia
hall=Lalibella Ethiopia
mqx=Makale Ethiopia
hamk=Makale Ethiopia
aso=Asosa Ethiopia
haso=Asosa Ethiopia
bjm=Bujumbura Burundi
hbba=Bujumbura Burundi
hga=Hargeisa Somalia
hcmh=Hargeisa Somalia
bbo=Berbera Somalia
hcmi=Berbera Somalia
kmu=Kismayu Somalia
hcmk=Kismayu Somalia
c91=Dowagiac United States
aly=Alexandria Egypt
heax=Alexandria Egypt
abs=Abu Simbel Egypt
hebl=Abu Simbel Egypt
cai=Cairo Egypt
heca=Cairo Egypt
hecw=Cairo Egypt
hrg=Hurghada Egypt
hegn=Hurghada Egypt
egr=El Gorah Egypt
hegr=El Gorah Egypt
lxr=Luxor Egypt
helx=Luxor Egypt
muh=Mersa-matruh Egypt
hemm=Mersa-matruh Egypt
psd=Port Said Egypt
heps=Port Said Egypt
skv=St. Catherine Egypt
hesc=St. Catherine Egypt
asw=Aswan Egypt
hesn=Aswan Egypt
elt=El-tor Egypt
hetr=El-tor Egypt
edl=Eldoret Kenya
hkel=Eldoret Kenya
hkkg=Kakamega Kenya
kis=Kisumu Kenya
hkki=Kisumu Kenya
ktl=Kitale Kenya
hkkt=Kitale Kenya
cdi=Cambridge United States
lok=Lodwar Kenya
hklo=Lodwar Kenya
lau=Lamu Kenya
hklu=Lamu Kenya
mba=Mombasa Kenya
hkmo=Mombasa Kenya
hknv=Naivasha Kenya
wil=Nairobi Kenya
hknw=Nairobi Kenya
hkre=Nairobi Kenya
wjr=Wajir Kenya
hkwj=Wajir Kenya
hlfl=Buattifel Libya
hlgl=Giallo Libya
ght=Ghat Libya
hlgt=Ghat Libya
akf=Kufra Libya
hlkf=Kufra Libya
ben=Benghazi Libya
hllb=Benghazi Libya
seb=Sebha Libya
hlls=Sebha Libya
tip=Tripoli Libya
hllt=Tripoli Libya
hlmb=Marsa Brega Libya
hlnf=Ras Lanouf V 40 Libya
hlon=Hon Libya
hlra=Dahra Libya
ltd=Ghadames Libya
hltd=Ghadames Libya
hlza=Zella 74 Libya
gyi=Gisenyi Rwanda
hryg=Gisenyi Rwanda
kgl=Kigali Rwanda
hryr=Kigali Rwanda
kme=Kamembe Rwanda
hrza=Kamembe Rwanda
dog=Dongola Sudan
hsdn=Dongola Sudan
hsdz=Damazin Sudan
elf=El Fasher Sudan
hsfs=El Fasher Sudan
ksl=Kassala Sudan
hska=Kassala Sudan
hsli=Kadugli Sudan
ebd=El Obeid Sudan
hsob=El Obeid Sudan
jub=Juba South Sudan
hssj=Juba South Sudan
mak=Malakal Sudan
hssm=Malakal Sudan
krt=Khartoum Sudan
hsss=Khartoum Sudan
ark=Arusha Tanzania
htar=Arusha Tanzania
dar=Dar Es Salaam Tanzania
htda=Dar Es Salaam Tanzania
dod=Dodoma Tanzania
htdo=Dodoma Tanzania
iri=Iringa Tanzania
htir=Iringa Tanzania
jro=Kilimanjaro Tanzania
htkj=Kilimanjaro Tanzania
lky=Lake Manyara Tanzania
htlm=Lake Manyara Tanzania
myw=Mtwara Tanzania
htmt=Mtwara Tanzania
mwz=Mwanza Tanzania
htmw=Mwanza Tanzania
pma=Pemba Tanzania
htpe=Pemba Tanzania
tgt=Tanga Tanzania
httg=Tanga Tanzania
znz=Zanzibar Tanzania
htza=Zanzibar Tanzania
ebb=Entebbe Uganda
huen=Entebbe Uganda
qdu=Dusseldorf Germany
srt=Soroti Uganda
huso=Soroti Uganda
tia=Tirana Albania
lati=Tirana Albania
boj=Bourgas Bulgaria
lbbg=Bourgas Bulgaria
goz=Gorna Orechovica Bulgaria
lbgo=Gorna Orechovica Bulgaria
pdv=Plovdiv Bulgaria
lbpd=Plovdiv Bulgaria
sof=Sofia Bulgaria
lbsf=Sofia Bulgaria
lbsz=Stara Zagora Bulgaria
var=Varna Bulgaria
lbwn=Varna Bulgaria
lca=Larnaca Cyprus
lclk=Larnaca Cyprus
pfo=Paphos Cyprus
lcph=Paphos Cyprus
akt=Akrotiri Cyprus
lcra=Akrotiri Cyprus
dbv=Dubrovnik Croatia
lddu=Dubrovnik Croatia
ldoc=Cepin Croatia
osi=Osijek Croatia
ldos=Osijek Croatia
puy=Pula Croatia
ldpl=Pula Croatia
ldrg=Grobnik Croatia
rjk=Rijeka Croatia
ldri=Rijeka Croatia
spu=Split Croatia
ldsp=Split Croatia
ldva=Varazdin Croatia
zag=Zagreb Croatia
ldza=Zagreb Croatia
zad=Zadar Croatia
ldzd=Zadar Croatia
ldzu=Udbina Croatia
leab=Albacete Spain
alc=Alicante Spain
leal=Alicante Spain
lei=Almeria Spain
leam=Almeria Spain
ovd=Aviles Spain
leas=Aviles Spain
odb=Cordoba Spain
leba=Cordoba Spain
bio=Bilbao Spain
lebb=Bilbao Spain
bcn=Barcelona Spain
lebl=Barcelona Spain
bjz=Badajoz Spain
lebz=Badajoz Spain
lcg=La Coruna Spain
leco=La Coruna Spain
lega=Granada Spain
gro=Gerona Spain
lege=Gerona Spain
grx=Granada Spain
legr=Granada Spain
legt=Madrid Spain
ibz=Ibiza Spain
leib=Ibiza Spain
xry=Jerez Spain
lejr=Jerez Spain
mjv=Murcia Spain
lelc=Murcia Spain
pkh=Porto Heli Greece
lghl=Porto Heli Greece
mad=Madrid Spain
lemd=Madrid Spain
agp=Malaga Spain
lemg=Malaga Spain
mah=Menorca Spain
lemh=Menorca Spain
ozp=Sevilla Spain
lemo=Sevilla Spain
leoc=Ocana Spain
pna=Pamplona Spain
lepp=Pamplona Spain
leri=Murcia Spain
reu=Reus Spain
lers=Reus Spain
lert=Rota Spain
slm=Salamanca Spain
lesa=Salamanca Spain
lesb=Son Bonet Spain
lesj=Palma De Mallorca Spain
lesl=San Luis Spain
eas=San Sebastian Spain
leso=San Sebastian Spain
scq=Santiago Spain
lest=Santiago Spain
leu=Seo De Urgel Spain
lesu=Seo De Urgel Spain
toj=Madrid Spain
leto=Madrid Spain
vlc=Valencia Spain
levc=Valencia Spain
vll=Valladolid Spain
levd=Valladolid Spain
levs=Madrid Spain
vit=Vitoria Spain
levt=Vitoria Spain
vgo=Vigo Spain
levx=Vigo Spain
sdr=Santander Spain
lexj=Santander Spain
zaz=Zaragoza Spain
lezg=Zaragoza Spain
svq=Sevilla Spain
lezl=Sevilla Spain
cqf=Calais France
lfac=Calais France
lfag=Peronne France
lfai=Nangis France
lfao=Bagnole-de-l'orne France
lfaq=Albert France
ltq=Le Tourquet France
lfat=Le Tourquet France
lfav=Valenciennes France
lfay=Amiens France
agf=Agen France
lfba=Agen France
lfbc=Cazaux France
bod=Bordeaux France
lfbd=Bordeaux France
egc=Bergerac France
lfbe=Bergerac France
lfbf=Toulouse France
cng=Cognac France
lfbg=Cognac France
pis=Poitiers France
lfbi=Poitiers France
lfbk=Montlucon-gueret France
lig=Limoges France
lfbl=Limoges France
lfbm=Mont-de-marsan France
nit=Niort France
lfbn=Niort France
tls=Toulouse France
lfbo=Toulouse France
puf=Pau France
lfbp=Pau France
lfbr=La Rochelle France
lde=Tarbes France
lfbt=Tarbes France
ang=Angouleme France
lfbu=Angouleme France
bve=Brive France
lfbv=Brive France
pgx=Perigueux France
lfbx=Perigueux France
biq=Biarritz-bayonne France
lfbz=Biarritz-bayonne France
lfcc=Cahors France
lfcg=St.-girons France
xac=Arcachon France
lfch=Arcachon France
lbi=Albi France
lfci=Albi France
dcm=Castres France
lfck=Castres France
lfcl=Toulouse France
lfcm=Millau France
lfcq=Graulhet France
rdz=Rodez France
lfcr=Rodez France
lfcu=Ussel France
lfcw=Villeneuve-sur-lot France
ryn=Royan France
lfcy=Royan France
lfcz=Mimizan France
lfda=Aire-sur-l'adour France
lfdb=Montauban France
lfdh=Auch France
lfdi=Libourne France
lfdj=Pamiers France
lfdm=Marmande France
rco=Rochefort France
lfdn=Rochefort France
lfed=Pontivy France
lfeh=Aubigny-sur-nere France
lfes=Guiscriff-scaer France
lffi=Ancenis France
lffn=Brienne-le Chateau France
cmr=Colmar France
lfga=Colmar France
lfgf=Beaune France
dle=Dole France
lfgj=Dole France
lfgk=Joigny France
lfgw=Verdun France
obs=Aubenas-vals-lanas France
lfho=Aubenas-vals-lanas France
lpy=Le Puy France
lfhp=Le Puy France
lfhq=St.-flour France
xbk=Bourg France
lfhs=Bourg France
xvf=Vilefrance France
lfhv=Vilefrance France
xmu=Moulins France
lfhy=Moulins France
lfif=St.-afrique-belmont France
lfig=Cassagnes-beghones France
etz=Metz France
lfjl=Metz France
bia=Bastia France
lfkb=Bastia France
cly=Calvi France
lfkc=Calvi France
fsc=Figari France
lfkf=Figari France
aja=Ajaccio France
lfkj=Ajaccio France
lfko=Propriano France
soz=Solenzara France
lfks=Solenzara France
lfkt=Corte France
auf=Auxerre France
lfla=Auxerre France
cmf=Chambery France
lflb=Chambery France
cfe=Clermont-Ferrand France
lflc=Clermont-Ferrand France
bou=Bourges France
lfld=Bourges France
lfle=Chambery France
xcd=Chalon France
lflh=Chalon France
qnj=Annemasse France
lfli=Annemasse France
lys=Lyon France
lfll=Lyon France
qnx=Macon France
lflm=Macon France
lfln=St.-yan France
rne=Roanne France
lflo=Roanne France
ncy=Annecy France
lflp=Annecy France
gnb=Grenoble France
lfls=Grenoble France
mcu=Montlucon France
lflt=Montlucon France
vaf=Valence France
lflu=Valence France
vhy=Vichy France
lflv=Vichy France
aur=Aurillac France
lflw=Aurillac France
chr=Chateauroux France
lflx=Chateauroux France
lyn=Lyon France
lfly=Lyon France
qxb=Aix-les-milles France
lfma=Aix-les-milles France
lfmc=Le Luc France
ceq=Cannes France
lfmd=Cannes France
ebu=St-Etienne France
lfmh=St-Etienne France
lfmi=Istres France
ccf=Carcassonne France
lfmk=Carcassonne France
mrs=Marseille France
lfml=Marseille France
nce=Nice France
lfmn=Nice France
lfmo=Orange France
pgf=Perpignan France
lfmp=Perpignan France
ctt=Le Castellet France
lfmq=Le Castellet France
lfms=Ales France
mpl=Montpellier France
lfmt=Montpellier France
bzr=Beziers France
lfmu=Beziers France
avn=Avignon France
lfmv=Avignon France
lfmy=Salon France
lfmz=Lezignan-corbieres France
men=Mende France
lfnb=Mende France
lfnh=Carpentras France
lfoa=Avord France
bva=Beauvais France
lfob=Beauvais France
lfoc=Chateaudun France
lfod=Saumur France
lfoe=Evreux France
leh=Le Havre France
lfoh=Le Havre France
lfoi=Abbeville France
ore=Orleans France
lfoj=Orleans France
xcr=Chalons France
lfok=Chalons France
uro=Rouen France
lfop=Rouen France
tuf=Tours France
lfot=Tours France
cet=Cholet France
lfou=Cholet France
lva=Laval France
lfov=Laval France
lfoz=Orleans France
lbg=Paris France
lfpb=Paris France
csf=Creil France
lfpc=Creil France
cdg=Paris France
lfpg=Paris France
lfpk=Coulommiers France
lfpm=Melun France
tnf=Toussous-le-noble France
lfpn=Toussous-le-noble France
ory=Paris France
lfpo=Paris France
pox=Pontoise France
lfpt=Pontoise France
lfpv=Villacoublay France
lfqa=Reims France
qyr=Troyes France
lfqb=Troyes France
lfqc=Luneville France
lfqe=Etain France
lfqf=Autun France
nvs=Nevers France
lfqg=Nevers France
lfqi=Cambrai France
lfqj=Maubeuge France
lfqm=Besancon-la-veze France
lfqp=Phalsbourg France
lil=Lille France
lfqq=Lille France
lfqt=Merville France
lfqv=Charleville France
lfqw=Vesoul-frotey France
bes=Brest France
lfrb=Brest France
cer=Cherbourg France
lfrc=Cherbourg France
dnr=Dinard France
lfrd=Dinard France
lfre=La Baule France
gfr=Granville France
lfrf=Granville France
dol=Deauville France
lfrg=Deauville France
lrt=Lorient France
lfrh=Lorient France
edm=La Roche-sur-yon France
lfri=La Roche-sur-yon France
lfrj=Landivisiau France
cfr=Caen France
lfrk=Caen France
lfrl=Lanvedoc France
lme=Le Mans France
lfrm=Le Mans France
rns=Rennes France
lfrn=Rennes France
lai=Lannion France
lfro=Lannion France
uip=Quimper France
lfrq=Quimper France
nte=Nantes France
lfrs=Nantes France
sbk=St.-brieuc Armor France
lfrt=St.-brieuc Armor France
mxn=Morlaix France
lfru=Morlaix France
vne=Vannes France
lfrv=Vannes France
snr=St.-nazaire France
lfrz=St.-nazaire France
mlh=Mulhouse France
lfsb=Mulhouse France
lfsc=Colmar France
dij=Dijon France
lfsd=Dijon France
mzm=Metz France
lfsf=Metz France
epl=Epinal France
lfsg=Epinal France
lfsh=Haguenau France
lfsi=St.-dizier France
lfsm=Montbeliard France
enc=Nancy France
lfsn=Nancy France
lfso=Nancy France
lfsp=Pontarlier France
rhe=Reims France
lfsr=Reims France
sxb=Strasbourg France
lfst=Strasbourg France
lfsx=Luxeuil France
lftf=Cuers France
tln=Hyeres France
lfth=Hyeres France
fni=Nimes France
lftw=Nimes France
mqc=Miquelon Saint Pierre and Miquelon
lfvm=Miquelon Saint Pierre and Miquelon
fsp=St.-pierre Saint Pierre and Miquelon
lfvp=St.-pierre Saint Pierre and Miquelon
lfxa=Amberieu France
lfyd=Damblain France
pyr=Andravida Greece
lgad=Andravida Greece
agq=Agrinion Greece
lgag=Agrinion Greece
axd=Alexandroupolis Greece
lgal=Alexandroupolis Greece
lgax=Alexandria Greece
vol=Nea Anghialos Greece
lgbl=Nea Anghialos Greece
lgel=Elefsis Greece
jkh=Chios Greece
lghi=Chios Greece
ioa=Ioannina Greece
lgio=Ioannina Greece
her=Heraklion Greece
lgir=Heraklion Greece
kso=Kastoria Greece
lgka=Kastoria Greece
kit=Kithira Greece
lgkc=Kithira Greece
efl=Keffallinia Greece
lgkf=Keffallinia Greece
klx=Kalamata Greece
lgkl=Kalamata Greece
lgkm=Kavala Greece
kgs=Kos Greece
lgko=Kos Greece
aok=Karpathos Greece
lgkp=Karpathos Greece
cfu=Kerkyra/corfu Greece
lgkr=Kerkyra/corfu Greece
ksj=Kasos Greece
lgks=Kasos Greece
kva=Kavala Greece
lgkv=Kavala Greece
kzi=Kozani Greece
lgkz=Kozani Greece
lrs=Leros Greece
lgle=Leros Greece
lxs=Limnos Greece
lglm=Limnos Greece
lra=Larissa Greece
lglr=Larissa Greece
lgmg=Megara Greece
jmk=Mykonos Greece
lgmk=Mykonos Greece
mjt=Mytilini Greece
lgmt=Mytilini Greece
pvk=Preveza Greece
lgpz=Preveza Greece
lgrd=Rhodos Greece
rho=Rhodos Greece
lgrp=Rhodos Greece
gpa=Patras Greece
lgrx=Patras Greece
chq=Chania Greece
lgsa=Chania Greece
jsi=Skiathos Greece
lgsk=Skiathos Greece
smi=Samos Greece
lgsm=Samos Greece
lym=Lympne United Kingdom
egmk=Lympne United Kingdom
lgsp=Sparti Greece
jtr=Thira Greece
lgsr=Thira Greece
jsh=Sitia Greece
lgst=Sitia Greece
lgsv=Stefanovikion Greece
sku=Skiros Greece
lgsy=Skiros Greece
lgtg=Tanagra Greece
lgtl=Kasteli Greece
lgtp=Tripolis Greece
skg=Thessaloniki Greece
lgts=Thessaloniki Greece
lgtt=Dekelia Greece
zth=Zakynthos Greece
lgza=Zakynthos Greece
bud=Budapest Hungary
lhbp=Budapest Hungary
deb=Debrecen Hungary
lhdc=Debrecen Hungary
lhke=Kecskemet Hungary
lhny=Nyirregyhaza Hungary
lhoy=Ocseny Hungary
sue=Sturgeon Bay United States
lhsa=Azentkilyszabadja Hungary
lhsn=Szolnok Hungary
liba=Amendola Italy
crv=Crotone Italy
libc=Crotone Italy
bri=Bari Italy
libd=Bari Italy
fog=Foggia Italy
libf=Foggia Italy
tar=Grottaglie Italy
libg=Grottaglie Italy
lcc=Lecce Italy
libn=Lecce Italy
psr=Pescara Italy
libp=Pescara Italy
bds=Brindisi Italy
libr=Brindisi Italy
libv=Gioia Del Colle Italy
suf=Lamezia Italy
lica=Lamezia Italy
cta=Catania Italy
licc=Catania Italy
lmp=Lampedusa Italy
licd=Lampedusa Italy
pnl=Pantelleria Italy
licg=Pantelleria Italy
pmo=Palermo Italy
licj=Palermo Italy
licp=Palermo Italy
reg=Reggio Calabria Italy
licr=Reggio Calabria Italy
tps=Trapani Italy
lict=Trapani Italy
nsy=Sigonella Italy
licz=Sigonella Italy
aho=Alghero Italy
liea=Alghero Italy
dci=Decimomannu Italy
lied=Decimomannu Italy
cag=Cagliari Italy
liee=Cagliari Italy
olb=Olbia Italy
lieo=Olbia Italy
ttb=Tortoli Italy
liet=Tortoli Italy
lima=Turin Italy
limb=Milano Italy
mxp=Milano Italy
limc=Milano Italy
bgy=Bergamo Italy
lime=Bergamo Italy
trn=Torino Italy
limf=Torino Italy
all=Albenga Italy
limg=Albenga Italy
goa=Genoa Italy
limj=Genoa Italy
lin=Milan Italy
liml=Milan Italy
limn=Cameri Italy
pmf=Parma Italy
limp=Parma Italy
qpz=Piacenza Italy
lims=Piacenza Italy
0p2=Stewartstown United States
cuf=Cuneo Italy
limz=Cuneo Italy
avb=Aviano Italy
lipa=Aviano Italy
bzo=Bolzano Italy
lipb=Bolzano Italy
lipc=Cervia Italy
blq=Bologna Italy
lipe=Bologna Italy
tsf=Treviso Italy
liph=Treviso Italy
lipi=Rivolto Italy
frl=Forli Italy
lipk=Forli Italy
lipl=Ghedi Italy
lipn=Verona Italy
vbs=Brescia Italy
lipo=Brescia Italy
trs=Ronchi De Legionari Italy
lipq=Ronchi De Legionari Italy
rmi=Rimini Italy
lipr=Rimini Italy
lips=Treviso Italy
vic=Vicenza Italy
lipt=Vicenza Italy
qpa=Padova Italy
lipu=Padova Italy
vrn=Villafranca Italy
lipx=Villafranca Italy
vce=Venice Italy
lipz=Venice Italy
say=Siena Italy
liqs=Siena Italy
cia=Rome Italy
lira=Rome Italy
lire=Pratica Di Mare Italy
fco=Rome Italy
lirf=Rome Italy
lirg=Guidonia Italy
eba=Marina Di Campo Italy
lirj=Marina Di Campo Italy
qlt=Latina Italy
lirl=Latina Italy
lirm=Grazzanise Italy
nap=Naples Italy
lirn=Naples Italy
psa=Pisa Italy
lirp=Pisa Italy
flr=Florence Italy
lirq=Florence Italy
grs=Grosseto Italy
lirs=Grosseto Italy
liru=Rome Italy
lirv=Viterbo Italy
peg=Perugia Italy
lirz=Perugia Italy
ljce=Cerklje Slovenia
lju=Ljubljana Slovenia
ljlj=Ljubljana Slovenia
mbx=Maribor Slovenia
ljmb=Maribor Slovenia
pow=Portoroz Slovenia
ljpz=Portoroz Slovenia
ljsg=Slovenj Gradec Slovenia
lkcs=Ceske Budejovice Czech Republic
lkcv=Caslav Czech Republic
lkhk=Hradec Kralove Czech Republic
lkhv=Horovice Czech Republic
lkkb=Praha Czech Republic
lkku=Kunovice Czech Republic
klv=Karlovy Vary Czech Republic
lkkv=Karlovy Vary Czech Republic
lkln=Line Czech Republic
lkmh=Mnichovo Hradiste Czech Republic
osr=Ostrava Czech Republic
lkmt=Ostrava Czech Republic
lkna=Namest Czech Republic
ped=Pardubice Czech Republic
lkpd=Pardubice Czech Republic
lkpm=Pribram Czech Republic
prv=Prerov Czech Republic
lkpo=Prerov Czech Republic
prg=Prague Czech Republic
lkpr=Prague Czech Republic
brq=Brno Czech Republic
lktb=Brno Czech Republic
lkvo=Vodochody Czech Republic
tlv=Tel-aviv Israel
llbg=Tel-aviv Israel
bev=Beer-sheba Israel
llbs=Beer-sheba Israel
llek=Tel-nof Israel
lles=Eyn-shemer Israel
eth=Elat Israel
llet=Elat Israel
lley=Eyn-yahav Israel
hfa=Haifa Israel
llha=Haifa Israel
llhs=Haztor Israel
rpn=Rosh Pina Israel
llib=Rosh Pina Israel
llmg=Megido Airstrip Israel
llmz=Metzada Israel
llnv=Nevatim Israel
vda=Ovda Israel
llov=Ovda Israel
llrd=Ramat David Israel
llrm=Ramon Israel
sdv=Tel-aviv Israel
llsd=Tel-aviv Israel
mla=Malta Malta
lmml=Malta Malta
loan=Wiener Neustadt Ost Austria
lolw=Wels Austria
grz=Graz Austria
lowg=Graz Austria
inn=Innsbruck Austria
lowi=Innsbruck Austria
lnz=Linz Austria
lowl=Linz Austria
szg=Salzburg Austria
lows=Salzburg Austria
vie=Vienna Austria
loww=Vienna Austria
loxk=Klagenfurt Austria
loxz=Zeltweg Austria
lpar=Alverca Portugal
sma=Santa Maria (island) Portugal
lpaz=Santa Maria (island) Portugal
bgc=Braganca Portugal
lpbg=Braganca Portugal
lpbj=Beja (madeira) Portugal
lpbr=Braga Portugal
lpco=Coimba Portugal
lpcs=Cascais Portugal
lpcv=Covilha Portugal
lpev=Evora Portugal
flw=Flores Portugal
lpfl=Flores Portugal
fao=Faro Portugal
lpfr=Faro Portugal
grw=Graciosa Island Portugal
lpgr=Graciosa Island Portugal
hor=Horta Portugal
lphr=Horta Portugal
ter=Lajes (terceira Island) Portugal
lpla=Lajes (terceira Island) Portugal
lpmr=Monte Real Portugal
lpmt=Montijo Portugal
lpov=Ovar Portugal
pdl=Ponta Delgada Portugal
lppd=Ponta Delgada Portugal
pix=Pico Portugal
lppi=Pico Portugal
lppm=Portimao Portugal
opo=Porto Portugal
lppr=Porto Portugal
pxo=Porto Santo Portugal
lpps=Porto Santo Portugal
lis=Lisbon Portugal
lppt=Lisbon Portugal
sjz=Sao Jorge Island Portugal
lpsj=Sao Jorge Island Portugal
lpst=Sintra Portugal
lptn=Tancos Portugal
vrl=Vila Real Portugal
lpvr=Vila Real Portugal
lpvz=Viseu Portugal
pdt=Pendleton United States
kpdt=Pendleton United States
omo=Mostar Bosnia and Herzegovina
lqmo=Mostar Bosnia and Herzegovina
sjj=Sarajevo Bosnia and Herzegovina
lqsa=Sarajevo Bosnia and Herzegovina
arw=Arad Romania
lrar=Arad Romania
bcm=Bacau Romania
lrbc=Bacau Romania
bay=Baia Mare Romania
lrbm=Baia Mare Romania
bbu=Bucharest Romania
lrbs=Bucharest Romania
cnd=Constanta Romania
lrck=Constanta Romania
clj=Cluj-napoca Romania
lrcl=Cluj-napoca Romania
csb=Caransebes Romania
lrcs=Caransebes Romania
cra=Craiova Romania
lrcv=Craiova Romania
ias=Iasi Romania
lria=Iasi Romania
omr=Oradea Romania
lrod=Oradea Romania
otp=Bucharest Romania
lrop=Bucharest Romania
sbz=Sibiu Romania
lrsb=Sibiu Romania
suj=Satu Mare Romania
lrsm=Satu Mare Romania
scv=Suceava Romania
lrsv=Suceava Romania
tce=Tulcea Romania
lrtc=Tulcea Romania
tgm=Tirgu Mures Romania
lrtm=Tirgu Mures Romania
tsr=Timisoara Romania
lrtr=Timisoara Romania
lsgc=Les Eplatures Switzerland
gva=Geneva Switzerland
lsgg=Geneva Switzerland
lsgk=Saanen Switzerland
sir=Sion Switzerland
lsgs=Sion Switzerland
lsma=Alpnach Switzerland
lsmd=Dubendorf Switzerland
lsme=Emmen Switzerland
lsmf=Mollis Switzerland
lsmm=Meiringen Switzerland
lsmp=Payerne Switzerland
lsmu=Buochs Switzerland
lug=Lugano Switzerland
lsza=Lugano Switzerland
brn=Bern Switzerland
lszb=Bern Switzerland
lszg=Grenchen Switzerland
zrh=Zurich Switzerland
lszh=Zurich Switzerland
ach=Altenrhein Switzerland
lszr=Altenrhein Switzerland
smv=Samedan Switzerland
lszs=Samedan Switzerland
ltab=Ankara Turkey
esb=Ankara Turkey
ltac=Ankara Turkey
ank=Ankara Turkey
ltad=Ankara Turkey
ltae=Ankara Turkey
ada=Adana Turkey
ltaf=Adana Turkey
ltag=Adana Turkey
afy=Afyon Turkey
ltah=Afyon Turkey
ayt=Antalya Turkey
ltai=Antalya Turkey
gzt=Gaziantep Turkey
ltaj=Gaziantep Turkey
ltak=Iskenderun Turkey
kya=Konya Turkey
ltan=Konya Turkey
ltao=Malatya Turkey
mzh=Merzifon Turkey
ltap=Merzifon Turkey
vas=Sivas Turkey
ltar=Sivas Turkey
mlx=Malatya Turkey
ltat=Malatya Turkey
asr=Kayseri Turkey
ltau=Kayseri Turkey
ltav=Sivrihisar Turkey
ltaw=Tokat Turkey
dnz=Denizli Turkey
ltay=Denizli Turkey
ist=Istanbul Turkey
ltba=Istanbul Turkey
bzi=Balikesir Turkey
ltbf=Balikesir Turkey
bdm=Bandirma Turkey
ltbg=Bandirma Turkey
tye=Tyonek United States
esk=Eskisehir Turkey
ltbi=Eskisehir Turkey
adb=Izmir Turkey
ltbj=Izmir Turkey
ltbk=Izmir Turkey
igl=Izmir Turkey
ltbl=Izmir Turkey
ltbm=Isparta Turkey
ltbn=Kutahya Turkey
ltbp=Yalova Turkey
ltbq=Topel Turkey
dlm=Dalaman Turkey
ltbs=Dalaman Turkey
ltbt=Akhisar Turkey
riw=Riverton WY United States
kriw=Riverton WY United States
bxn=Bodrum Turkey
ltbv=Bodrum Turkey
ltbx=Istanbul Turkey
ezs=Elazig Turkey
ltca=Elazig Turkey
diy=Diyabakir Turkey
ltcc=Diyabakir Turkey
erc=Erzincan Turkey
ltcd=Erzincan Turkey
erz=Erzurum Turkey
ltce=Erzurum Turkey
tzx=Trabzon Turkey
ltcg=Trabzon Turkey
mtj=Montrose CO United States
kmtj=Montrose CO United States
van=Van Turkey
ltci=Van Turkey
bal=Batman Turkey
ltcj=Batman Turkey
ltcl=Siirt Turkey
ltfa=Izmir Turkey
ltfb=Izmir Turkey
lubl=Saltsy Moldova
kiv=Chisinau Moldova
lukk=Chisinau Moldova
ohd=Ohrid Macedonia
lwoh=Ohrid Macedonia
skp=Skopje Macedonia
lwsk=Skopje Macedonia
gib=Gibraltar Gibraltar
lxgb=Gibraltar Gibraltar
beg=Belgrade Serbia
lybe=Belgrade Serbia
ini=Nis Serbia
lyni=Nis Serbia
tgd=Podgorica Montenegro
lypg=Podgorica Montenegro
prn=Pristina Serbia
lypr=Pristina Serbia
tiv=Tivat Montenegro
lytv=Tivat Montenegro
lyvr=Vrsac Serbia
bts=Bratislava Slovakia
lzib=Bratislava Slovakia
ksc=Kosice Slovakia
lzkz=Kosice Slovakia
lzmc=Malacky Slovakia
pzy=Piestany Slovakia
lzpp=Piestany Slovakia
sld=Sliac Slovakia
lzsl=Sliac Slovakia
lztn=Trencin Slovakia
tat=Poprad Slovakia
lztt=Poprad Slovakia
1cs=Bolingbrook United States
nca=North Caicos Turks and Caicos Islands
mbnc=North Caicos Turks and Caicos Islands
pls=Providenciales Turks and Caicos Islands
mbpv=Providenciales Turks and Caicos Islands
xsc=South Caicos Turks and Caicos Islands
mbsc=South Caicos Turks and Caicos Islands
eps=Samana Dominican Republic
mdab=Samana Dominican Republic
brx=Barahona Dominican Republic
mdbh=Barahona Dominican Republic
mdcr=Cabo Rojo Dominican Republic
lrm=La Romana Dominican Republic
mdlr=La Romana Dominican Republic
puj=Punta Cana Dominican Republic
mdpc=Punta Cana Dominican Republic
pop=Puerto Plata Dominican Republic
mdpp=Puerto Plata Dominican Republic
sdq=Santo Domingo Dominican Republic
mdsd=Santo Domingo Dominican Republic
mdsi=San Isidoro Dominican Republic
sti=Santiago Dominican Republic
mdst=Santiago Dominican Republic
mgbn=Bananera Guatemala
cbv=Coban Guatemala
mgcb=Coban Guatemala
gua=Guatemala City Guatemala
mggt=Guatemala City Guatemala
mgrt=Retalhuleu Guatemala
mgsj=San Jose Guatemala
lce=La Ceiba Honduras
mhlc=La Ceiba Honduras
sap=San Pedro Sula Honduras
mhlm=San Pedro Sula Honduras
gja=Guanaja Honduras
mhnj=Guanaja Honduras
rtb=Roatan Honduras
mhro=Roatan Honduras
tea=Tela Honduras
mhte=Tela Honduras
tgu=Tegucigalpa Honduras
mhtg=Tegucigalpa Honduras
mhtj=Trujillo Honduras
ocj=Ocho Rios Jamaica
mkbs=Ocho Rios Jamaica
kin=Kingston Jamaica
mkjp=Kingston Jamaica
mbj=Montego Bay Jamaica
mkjs=Montego Bay Jamaica
pot=Port Antonio Jamaica
mkkj=Port Antonio Jamaica
ktp=Kingston Jamaica
mktp=Kingston Jamaica
aca=Acapulco Mexico
mmaa=Acapulco Mexico
ntr=Monterrey Mexico
mman=Monterrey Mexico
agu=Aguascalientes Mexico
mmas=Aguascalientes Mexico
hux=Huatulco Mexico
mmbt=Huatulco Mexico
cvj=Cuernavaca Mexico
mmcb=Cuernavaca Mexico
mmcc=Ciudad Acuna Mexico
cme=Ciudad Del Carmen Mexico
mmce=Ciudad Del Carmen Mexico
mmcg=Nuevo Casas Grandes Mexico
mmch=Chilpancingo Mexico
cul=Culiacan Mexico
mmcl=Culiacan Mexico
ctm=Chetumal Mexico
mmcm=Chetumal Mexico
cen=Ciudad Obregon Mexico
mmcn=Ciudad Obregon Mexico
cpe=Campeche Mexico
mmcp=Campeche Mexico
cjs=Ciudad Juarez Mexico
mmcs=Ciudad Juarez Mexico
cuu=Chihuahua Mexico
mmcu=Chihuahua Mexico
cvm=Ciudad Victoria Mexico
mmcv=Ciudad Victoria Mexico
enw=Kenosha United States
czm=Cozumel Mexico
mmcz=Cozumel Mexico
dgo=Durango Mexico
mmdo=Durango Mexico
tpq=Tepic Mexico
mmep=Tepic Mexico
ese=Ensenada Mexico
mmes=Ensenada Mexico
gdl=Guadalajara Mexico
mmgl=Guadalajara Mexico
gym=Guaymas Mexico
mmgm=Guaymas Mexico
tcn=Tehuacan Mexico
mmhc=Tehuacan Mexico
hmo=Hermosillo Mexico
mmho=Hermosillo Mexico
clq=Colima Mexico
mmia=Colima Mexico
isj=Isla Mujeres Mexico
mmim=Isla Mujeres Mexico
slw=Saltillo Mexico
mmio=Saltillo Mexico
mmit=Iztepec Mexico
lzc=Lazard Cardenas Mexico
mmlc=Lazard Cardenas Mexico
lmm=Los Mochis Mexico
mmlm=Los Mochis Mexico
bjx=Del Bajio Mexico
mmlo=Del Bajio Mexico
lap=La Paz Mexico
mmlp=La Paz Mexico
lto=Loreto Mexico
mmlt=Loreto Mexico
mam=Matamoros Mexico
mmma=Matamoros Mexico
mid=Merida Mexico
mmmd=Merida Mexico
mxl=Mexicali Mexico
mmml=Mexicali Mexico
mlm=Morelia Mexico
mmmm=Morelia Mexico
mtt=Minatitlan Mexico
mmmt=Minatitlan Mexico
lov=Monclova Mexico
mmmv=Monclova Mexico
mex=Mexico City Mexico
mmmx=Mexico City Mexico
mty=Monterrey Mexico
mmmy=Monterrey Mexico
mzt=Mazatlan Mexico
mmmz=Mazatlan Mexico
nog=Nogales Mexico
mmng=Nogales Mexico
nld=Nuevo Laredo Mexico
mmnl=Nuevo Laredo Mexico
oax=Oaxaca Mexico
mmox=Oaxaca Mexico
paz=Poza Rico Mexico
mmpa=Poza Rico Mexico
pbc=Puebla Mexico
mmpb=Puebla Mexico
pca=Pachuca Mexico
mmpc=Pachuca Mexico
ppe=Punta Penasco Mexico
mmpe=Punta Penasco Mexico
pds=Piedras Negras Mexico
mmpg=Piedras Negras Mexico
upn=Uruapan Mexico
mmpn=Uruapan Mexico
pvr=Puerto Vallarta Mexico
mmpr=Puerto Vallarta Mexico
pxm=Puerto Escondido Mexico
mmps=Puerto Escondido Mexico
qro=Queretaro Mexico
mmqt=Queretaro Mexico
rex=Reynosa Mexico
mmrx=Reynosa Mexico
sjd=San Jose Del Cabo Mexico
mmsd=San Jose Del Cabo Mexico
mmsf=San Filipe Mexico
slp=San Luis Potosi Mexico
mmsp=San Luis Potosi Mexico
txa=Tlaxcala Mexico
mmta=Tlaxcala Mexico
mmtb=Tuxtla Gutierrez Mexico
trc=Torreon Mexico
mmtc=Torreon Mexico
tgz=Tuxtla Gutierrez Mexico
mmtg=Tuxtla Gutierrez Mexico
tij=Tijuana Mexico
mmtj=Tijuana Mexico
tam=Tampico Mexico
mmtm=Tampico Mexico
tsl=Tamuin Mexico
mmtn=Tamuin Mexico
tlc=Toluca Mexico
mmto=Toluca Mexico
tap=Tapachula Mexico
mmtp=Tapachula Mexico
cun=Cancun Mexico
mmun=Cancun Mexico
vsa=Villahermosa Mexico
mmva=Villahermosa Mexico
ver=Vera Cruz Mexico
mmvr=Vera Cruz Mexico
zcl=Zacatecas Mexico
mmzc=Zacatecas Mexico
zih=Zihuatanejo Mexico
mmzh=Zihuatanejo Mexico
zmm=Zamora Mexico
mmzm=Zamora Mexico
zlo=Manzanillo Mexico
mmzo=Manzanillo Mexico
mmzp=Zapopan Mexico
bef=Bluefields Nicaragua
mnbl=Bluefields Nicaragua
mnbr=Los Brasiles Nicaragua
mnln=Leon Nicaragua
mga=Managua Nicaragua
mnmg=Managua Nicaragua
puz=Puerto Cabezas Nicaragua
mnpc=Puerto Cabezas Nicaragua
boc=Bocas Del Toro Panama
mpbo=Bocas Del Toro Panama
chx=Changuinola Panama
mpch=Changuinola Panama
dav=David Panama
mpda=David Panama
how=Howard Panama
mpho=Howard Panama
pac=Panama Panama
mpmg=Panama Panama
mpsa=Santiago Panama
pty=Panama City Panama
mpto=Panama City Panama
mrba=Buenos Aires Costa Rica
vgt=Las Vegas United States
otr=Coto 47 Costa Rica
mrcc=Coto 47 Costa Rica
mrch=Chacarita Costa Rica
kgeo=Georgetown United States
mrec=El Carmen Costa Rica
mrfi=Finca 10 Costa Rica
glf=Golfito Costa Rica
mrgf=Golfito Costa Rica
mrgp=Guapiles Costa Rica
lir=Liberia Costa Rica
mrlb=Liberia Costa Rica
mrlc=Los Chiles Costa Rica
lio=Limon Costa Rica
mrlm=Limon Costa Rica
nob=Nosara Beach Costa Rica
mrns=Nosara Beach Costa Rica
sjo=San Jose Costa Rica
mroc=San Jose Costa Rica
mrpd=Pandora Costa Rica
pmz=Palmar Sur Costa Rica
mrpm=Palmar Sur Costa Rica
xqp=Quepos Costa Rica
mrqp=Quepos Costa Rica
mrsg=Santa Clara Costa Rica
mrsv=San Vito De Jaba Costa Rica
sal=San Salvador El Salvador
mslp=San Salvador El Salvador
msss=San Salvador El Salvador
mtca=Cayes Haiti
cap=Cap Haitien Haiti
mtch=Cap Haitien Haiti
mtja=Jacmel Haiti
pap=Port-au-prince Haiti
mtpp=Port-au-prince Haiti
bca=Baracoa Playa Cuba
muba=Baracoa Playa Cuba
bym=Bayamo Cuba
muby=Bayamo Cuba
avi=Ciego De Avila Cuba
muca=Ciego De Avila Cuba
mucc=Cunagua Cuba
cfg=Cienfuegos Cuba
mucf=Cienfuegos Cuba
cyo=Cayo Largo del Sur Cuba
mucl=Cayo Largo del Sur Cuba
cmw=Camaguey Cuba
mucm=Camaguey Cuba
scu=Santiago De Cuba Cuba
mucu=Santiago De Cuba Cuba
mufl=Florida Cuba
mugm=Guantanamo Cuba
gao=Guantanamo Cuba
mugt=Guantanamo Cuba
hav=Havana Cuba
muha=Havana Cuba
hog=Holguin Cuba
muhg=Holguin Cuba
lcl=La Coloma Cuba
mulm=La Coloma Cuba
moa=Moa Cuba
mumo=Moa Cuba
mzo=Manzanillo Cuba
mumz=Manzanillo Cuba
ger=Nueva Gerona Cuba
mung=Nueva Gerona Cuba
mupb=Baracoa Playa Cuba
mupr=Pinar Del Rio Norte Cuba
musa=San Antonio De Banos Cuba
snu=Santa Clara Cuba
musc=Santa Clara Cuba
musl=Santa Lucia Cuba
musn=Siguanea Cuba
muss=Sancti Spiritus Cuba
c02=Lake Geneva United States
vra=Varadero Cuba
muvr=Varadero Cuba
vtu=Las Tunas Cuba
muvt=Las Tunas Cuba
cyb=Cayman Barac Cayman Islands
mwcb=Cayman Barac Cayman Islands
gcm=Georgetown Cayman Islands
mwcr=Georgetown Cayman Islands
myab=Clarence Bain Bahamas
asd=Andros Town Bahamas
myaf=Andros Town Bahamas
mhh=Marsh Harbor Bahamas
myam=Marsh Harbor Bahamas
saq=San Andros Bahamas
myan=San Andros Bahamas
axp=Spring Point Bahamas
myap=Spring Point Bahamas
myas=Sandy Point Bahamas
tcb=Treasure Cay Bahamas
myat=Treasure Cay Bahamas
ccz=Chub Cay Bahamas
mybc=Chub Cay Bahamas
mybg=Bullocks Harbour Bahamas
bim=Alice Town Bahamas
mybs=Alice Town Bahamas
dkb=De Kalb United States
ggt=Great Exuma Bahamas
myef=Great Exuma Bahamas
myeg=George Town Bahamas
elh=North Eleuthera Bahamas
myeh=North Eleuthera Bahamas
ghb=Governor's Harbor Bahamas
myem=Governor's Harbor Bahamas
myen=Norman's Cay Bahamas
rsd=Rock Sound Bahamas
myer=Rock Sound Bahamas
myes=Staniel Cay Bahamas
fpo=Freeport Bahamas
mygf=Freeport Bahamas
iga=Matthew Town Bahamas
myig=Matthew Town Bahamas
lgi=Dead Man's Cay Bahamas
myld=Dead Man's Cay Bahamas
sml=Stella Maris Bahamas
myls=Stella Maris Bahamas
myg=Mayaguana Bahamas
mymm=Mayaguana Bahamas
nas=Nassau Bahamas
mynn=Nassau Bahamas
myrd=Duncan Town Bahamas
myrp=Port Nelson Bahamas
zsa=Cockburn Town Bahamas
mysm=Cockburn Town Bahamas
bze=Belize City Belize
mzbz=Belize City Belize
ait=Aitutaki Cook Islands
ncai=Aitutaki Cook Islands
rar=Avarua Cook Islands
ncrg=Avarua Cook Islands
nan=Nandi Fiji
nffn=Nandi Fiji
suv=Nausori Fiji
nfna=Nausori Fiji
tbu=Tongatapu Tonga
nftf=Tongatapu Tonga
vav=Vava'u Tonga
nftv=Vava'u Tonga
trw=Tarawa Kiribati
ngta=Tarawa Kiribati
tbf=Tabiteuea North Kiribati
ngte=Tabiteuea North Kiribati
mtl=Maitland Australia
ymnd=Maitland Australia
wls=Wallis Wallis and Futuna
nlww=Wallis Wallis and Futuna
apw=Faleolo Samoa
nsfa=Faleolo Samoa
ppg=Pago Pago American Samoa
nstu=Pago Pago American Samoa
rur=Rurutu French Polynesia
ntar=Rurutu French Polynesia
tub=Tubuai French Polynesia
ntat=Tubuai French Polynesia
aaa=Anaa French Polynesia
ntga=Anaa French Polynesia
ntgb=Fangatau French Polynesia
tih=Tikehau French Polynesia
ntgc=Tikehau French Polynesia
rea=Reao French Polynesia
ntge=Reao French Polynesia
fav=Fakarava French Polynesia
ntgf=Fakarava French Polynesia
xmh=Manihi French Polynesia
ntgi=Manihi French Polynesia
gmr=Totegegie French Polynesia
ntgj=Totegegie French Polynesia
kkr=Kaukura Atoll French Polynesia
ntgk=Kaukura Atoll French Polynesia
mkp=Makemo French Polynesia
ntgm=Makemo French Polynesia
pkp=Puka Puka French Polynesia
ntgp=Puka Puka French Polynesia
tkp=Takapoto French Polynesia
ntgt=Takapoto French Polynesia
axr=Arutua French Polynesia
ntgu=Arutua French Polynesia
mvt=Mataiva French Polynesia
ntgv=Mataiva French Polynesia
tkx=Takaroa French Polynesia
ntkr=Takaroa French Polynesia
nhv=Nuku Hiva French Polynesia
ntmd=Nuku Hiva French Polynesia
laf=Lafayette United States
bob=Bora Bora French Polynesia
nttb=Bora Bora French Polynesia
rgi=Rangiroa French Polynesia
nttg=Rangiroa French Polynesia
huh=Huahine Island French Polynesia
ntth=Huahine Island French Polynesia
moz=Moorea French Polynesia
nttm=Moorea French Polynesia
hoi=Hao Island French Polynesia
ntto=Hao Island French Polynesia
mau=Maupiti French Polynesia
nttp=Maupiti French Polynesia
rfp=Raiatea Island French Polynesia
nttr=Raiatea Island French Polynesia
vli=Port-vila Vanuatu
nvvv=Port-vila Vanuatu
knq=Kone New Caledonia
nwwd=Kone New Caledonia
koc=Koumac New Caledonia
nwwk=Koumac New Caledonia
lif=Lifou New Caledonia
nwwl=Lifou New Caledonia
gea=Noumea New Caledonia
nwwm=Noumea New Caledonia
mee=Mare New Caledonia
nwwr=Mare New Caledonia
tou=Touho New Caledonia
nwwu=Touho New Caledonia
uve=Ouvea New Caledonia
nwwv=Ouvea New Caledonia
nou=Noumea New Caledonia
nwww=Noumea New Caledonia
akl=Auckland New Zealand
nzaa=Auckland New Zealand
tuo=Taupo New Zealand
nzap=Taupo New Zealand
amz=Ardmore New Zealand
nzar=Ardmore New Zealand
chc=Christchurch New Zealand
nzch=Christchurch New Zealand
cht=Chatham Island New Zealand
nzci=Chatham Island New Zealand
dud=Dunedin New Zealand
nzdn=Dunedin New Zealand
gis=Gisborne New Zealand
nzgs=Gisborne New Zealand
mon=Glentanner New Zealand
nzgt=Glentanner New Zealand
hkk=Hokitika New Zealand
nzhk=Hokitika New Zealand
hlz=Hamilton New Zealand
nzhn=Hamilton New Zealand
nzhs=Hastings New Zealand
kke=Kerikeri New Zealand
nzkk=Kerikeri New Zealand
kat=Kaitaia New Zealand
nzkt=Kaitaia New Zealand
alr=Alexandra New Zealand
nzlx=Alexandra New Zealand
gtn=Mount Cook New Zealand
nzmc=Mount Cook New Zealand
teu=Manapouri New Zealand
nzmo=Manapouri New Zealand
mro=Masterton New Zealand
nzms=Masterton New Zealand
npl=New Plymouth New Zealand
nznp=New Plymouth New Zealand
nsn=Nelson New Zealand
nzns=Nelson New Zealand
ivc=Invercargill New Zealand
nznv=Invercargill New Zealand
nzoh=Ohakea New Zealand
oam=Oamaru New Zealand
nzou=Oamaru New Zealand
pmr=Palmerston North New Zealand
nzpm=Palmerston North New Zealand
ppq=Paraparaumu New Zealand
nzpp=Paraparaumu New Zealand
zqn=Queenstown International New Zealand
nzqn=Queenstown International New Zealand
rot=Rotorua New Zealand
nzro=Rotorua New Zealand
nzru=Waiouru New Zealand
nzsp=Stephen's Island Antarctica
trg=Tauranga New Zealand
nztg=Tauranga New Zealand
tiu=Timaru New Zealand
nztu=Timaru New Zealand
nzuk=Pukaki New Zealand
bhe=Woodbourne New Zealand
nzwb=Woodbourne New Zealand
nzwd=Weydon Antarctica
wka=Wanaka New Zealand
nzwf=Wanaka New Zealand
nzwg=Wigram New Zealand
whk=Whakatane New Zealand
nzwk=Whakatane New Zealand
wlg=Wellington New Zealand
nzwn=Wellington New Zealand
nzwo=Wairoa New Zealand
nzwp=Whenuapai New Zealand
wre=Whangarei New Zealand
nzwr=Whangarei New Zealand
wsz=Westport New Zealand
nzws=Westport New Zealand
wag=Wanganui New Zealand
nzwu=Wanganui New Zealand
hea=Herat Afghanistan
oahr=Herat Afghanistan
jaa=Jalalabad Afghanistan
oajl=Jalalabad Afghanistan
kbl=Kabul Afghanistan
oakb=Kabul Afghanistan
kdh=Kandahar Afghanistan
oakn=Kandahar Afghanistan
mmz=Maimama Afghanistan
oamn=Maimama Afghanistan
mzr=Mazar-i-sharif Afghanistan
oams=Mazar-i-sharif Afghanistan
oasd=Shindand Afghanistan
oasg=Sheberghan Afghanistan
und=Kunduz Afghanistan
oauz=Kunduz Afghanistan
bah=Bahrain Bahrain
obbi=Bahrain Bahrain
obbs=Bahrain Bahrain
ahb=Abha Saudi Arabia
oeab=Abha Saudi Arabia
hof=Al-ahsa Saudi Arabia
oeah=Al-ahsa Saudi Arabia
abt=El-baha Saudi Arabia
oeba=El-baha Saudi Arabia
bhh=Bisha Saudi Arabia
oebh=Bisha Saudi Arabia
oebq=Abqaiq Saudi Arabia
dmm=Dammam Saudi Arabia
oedf=Dammam Saudi Arabia
dha=Dhahran Saudi Arabia
oedr=Dhahran Saudi Arabia
giz=Gizan Saudi Arabia
oegn=Gizan Saudi Arabia
elq=Gassim Saudi Arabia
oegs=Gassim Saudi Arabia
ury=Guriat Saudi Arabia
oegt=Guriat Saudi Arabia
has=Hail Saudi Arabia
oehl=Hail Saudi Arabia
oejb=Jubail Saudi Arabia
oejf=Jeddah Saudi Arabia
jed=Jeddah Saudi Arabia
oejn=Jeddah Saudi Arabia
hbt=King Khalid Mil.city Saudi Arabia
oekk=King Khalid Mil.city Saudi Arabia
med=Madinah Saudi Arabia
oema=Madinah Saudi Arabia
eam=Nejran Saudi Arabia
oeng=Nejran Saudi Arabia
aqi=Hafr Al-batin Saudi Arabia
oepa=Hafr Al-batin Saudi Arabia
oepc=Petroline 3 Saudi Arabia
oepf=Petroline 6 Saudi Arabia
oepj=Petroline 10 Saudi Arabia
oerb=Rabigh Saudi Arabia
rah=Rafha Saudi Arabia
oerf=Rafha Saudi Arabia
ruh=Riyadh Saudi Arabia
oerk=Riyadh Saudi Arabia
oerm=Rash Mishab Saudi Arabia
rae=Arar Saudi Arabia
oerr=Arar Saudi Arabia
oert=Ras Tanura Saudi Arabia
shw=Sharurah Saudi Arabia
oesh=Sharurah Saudi Arabia
dge=Mudgee Australia
ymdg=Mudgee Australia
slf=Sulayel Saudi Arabia
oesl=Sulayel Saudi Arabia
tuu=Tabuk Saudi Arabia
oetb=Tabuk Saudi Arabia
tif=Taif Saudi Arabia
oetf=Taif Saudi Arabia
oeth=Thumamah Saudi Arabia
oetn=Ras Tanajib Saudi Arabia
tui=Turaif Saudi Arabia
oetr=Turaif Saudi Arabia
oxd=Oxford United States
ejh=Wejh Saudi Arabia
oewj=Wejh Saudi Arabia
ynb=Yenbo Saudi Arabia
oeyn=Yenbo Saudi Arabia
abd=Abadan Iran
oiaa=Abadan Iran
oiad=Dezful Iran
oiag=Aghajari Iran
oiah=Gachsaran Iran
qmj=Masjed Soleiman Iran
oiai=Masjed Soleiman Iran
oiaj=Omidyeh Iran
mrx=Bandar Mahshahr Iran
oiam=Bandar Mahshahr Iran
awz=Ahwaz Iran
oiaw=Ahwaz Iran
oiba=Abumusa I. Iran
buz=Bushehr Iran
oibb=Bushehr Iran
oibh=Bastak Iran
oibi=Golbandi Iran
kih=Kish Island Iran
oibk=Kish Island Iran
bdh=Bandar Lengeh Iran
oibl=Bandar Lengeh Iran
oibq=Khark Island Iran
oibs=Siri Island Iran
oibv=Lavan Island Iran
ksh=Bakhtaran Iran
oicc=Bakhtaran Iran
sdg=Sanandaj Iran
oics=Sanandaj Iran
oife=Daran Iran
oifh=Esfahan Iran
oifk=Kashan Iran
oifm=Esfahan Iran
oifp=Sepah Iran
ras=Rasht Iran
oigg=Rasht Iran
mie=Muncie United States
oihr=Arak Iran
oiia=Abe-ali Iran
oiic=Kushke Nosrat Iran
oiid=Teheran Iran
oiie=Tehran Iran
oiig=Teheran Iran
thr=Teheran Iran
oiii=Teheran Iran
oiik=Ghazvin Iran
oiim=Khoram Dareh Iran
bnd=Bandar Abbas Iran
oikb=Bandar Abbas Iran
oikj=Jiroft Iran
ker=Kerman Iran
oikk=Kerman Iran
oikp=Bandar Abbas Iran
oikq=Gheshm I. Iran
oiky=Sirjan Iran
xbj=Birjand Iran
oimb=Birjand Iran
oimc=Sarakhs Iran
oimj=Emam Shahr Iran
wsy=Airlie Beach Australia
ywhi=Airlie Beach Australia
oimt=Tabas Iran
oine=Kalaleh Iran
rzr=Ramsar Iran
oinr=Ramsar Iran
raf=Rafaela Argentina
oisf=Fasa Iran
oisj=Jahrom Iran
oisr=Lamerd Iran
syz=Shiraz Iran
oiss=Shiraz Iran
oitk=Khoy Iran
qsa=Sabadell Spain
lell=Sabadell Spain
tbz=Tabriz Iran
oitt=Tabriz Iran
oitz=Zanjan Iran
azd=Yazd Iran
oiyy=Yazd Iran
oizb=Zabol Iran
zbr=Chah Bahar Iran
oizc=Chah Bahar Iran
zah=Zahedan Iran
oizh=Zahedan Iran
oizi=Iran Shahr Iran
oizs=Saravan Iran
amm=Amman Jordan
ojai=Amman Jordan
adj=Amman Jordan
ojam=Amman Jordan
aqj=Aqaba Jordan
ojaq=Aqaba Jordan
ojhf=Hotel Four Jordan
ojjr=Jerusalem West Bank
omf=Mafraq Jordan
ojmf=Mafraq Jordan
kwi=Kuwait Kuwait
okbk=Kuwait Kuwait
bey=Beirut Lebanon
olba=Beirut Lebanon
olka=Kleiat Lebanon
auh=Abu Dhabi United Arab Emirates
omaa=Abu Dhabi United Arab Emirates
azi=Abu Dhabi United Arab Emirates
omad=Abu Dhabi United Arab Emirates
omah=Al Hamra United Arab Emirates
omaj=Jebel Dhana United Arab Emirates
mva=Myvatn Iceland
birl=Myvatn Iceland
omam=Abu Dhabi United Arab Emirates
omar=Arzana United Arab Emirates
omas=Das Island United Arab Emirates
omaz=Zirku United Arab Emirates
dxb=Dubai United Arab Emirates
omdb=Dubai United Arab Emirates
fjr=Fujeirah United Arab Emirates
omfj=Fujeirah United Arab Emirates
rkt=Ras Al Khaimah United Arab Emirates
omrk=Ras Al Khaimah United Arab Emirates
shj=Sharjah United Arab Emirates
omsj=Sharjah United Arab Emirates
khs=Khasab Oman
ookb=Khasab Oman
msh=Masirah Oman
ooma=Masirah Oman
mct=Muscat Oman
ooms=Muscat Oman
sll=Salalah Oman
oosa=Salalah Oman
tth=Thumrait Oman
ooth=Thumrait Oman
opbg=Bhagtanwala Pakistan
fvsv=Spray View Zimbabwe
xyd=Lyon France
lyp=Faisalabad Pakistan
opfa=Faisalabad Pakistan
gwd=Gwadar Pakistan
opgd=Gwadar Pakistan
gil=Gilgit Pakistan
opgt=Gilgit Pakistan
opja=Jacobsbad Pakistan
khi=Karachi Pakistan
opkc=Karachi Pakistan
lhe=Lahore Pakistan
opla=Lahore Pakistan
oplh=Lahore Pakistan
opma=Mangla Pakistan
mfg=Muzaffarabad Pakistan
opmf=Muzaffarabad Pakistan
opmi=Mianwali Pakistan
mjd=Moenjodaro Pakistan
opmj=Moenjodaro Pakistan
opmr=Karachi Pakistan
mux=Multan Pakistan
opmt=Multan Pakistan
wns=Nawabshah Pakistan
opnh=Nawabshah Pakistan
opok=Okara Pakistan
pjg=Panjgur Pakistan
oppg=Panjgur Pakistan
psi=Pasni Pakistan
oppi=Pasni Pakistan
pew=Peshawar Pakistan
opps=Peshawar Pakistan
opqs=Qasim Pakistan
uet=Quetta Pakistan
opqt=Quetta Pakistan
ryk=Rahim Yar Khan Pakistan
oprk=Rahim Yar Khan Pakistan
isb=Islamabad Pakistan
oprn=Islamabad Pakistan
oprs=Risalpur Pakistan
raz=Rawala Kot Pakistan
oprt=Rawala Kot Pakistan
1rl=Point Roberts United States
k1rl=Point Roberts United States
skz=Sukkur Pakistan
opsk=Sukkur Pakistan
sdt=Saidu Sharif Pakistan
opss=Saidu Sharif Pakistan
sul=Sui Pakistan
opsu=Sui Pakistan
bdn=Talhar Pakistan
opth=Talhar Pakistan
opwn=Wana Pakistan
pzh=Zhob Pakistan
opzb=Zhob Pakistan
bsr=Basrah Iraq
ormm=Basrah Iraq
alp=Aleppo Syria
osap=Aleppo Syria
dam=Damascus Syria
osdi=Damascus Syria
dez=Deire Zor Syria
osdz=Deire Zor Syria
ltk=Latakia Syria
oslk=Latakia Syria
pms=Palmyra Syria
ospr=Palmyra Syria
doh=Doha Qatar
otbd=Doha Qatar
cis=Canton Island Kiribati
pcis=Canton Island Kiribati
rop=Rota Northern Mariana Islands
pgro=Rota Northern Mariana Islands
spn=Saipan Northern Mariana Islands
pgsn=Saipan Northern Mariana Islands
uam=Andersen Guam
pgua=Andersen Guam
gum=Agana Guam
pgum=Agana Guam
tiq=West Tinian Northern Mariana Islands
pgwt=West Tinian Northern Mariana Islands
nso=Scone Australia
ysco=Scone Australia
maj=Majuro Marshall Islands
pkmj=Majuro Marshall Islands
pkro=Kwajalein Marshall Islands
kwa=Kwajalein Marshall Islands
pkwa=Kwajalein Marshall Islands
cxi=Kiritimati Kiribati
plch=Kiritimati Kiribati
mdy=Midway Midway Islands
pmdy=Midway Midway Islands
tkk=Chuuk Micronesia
ptkk=Chuuk Micronesia
pni=Pohnpei Micronesia
ptpn=Pohnpei Micronesia
ror=Babelthuap Palau
ptro=Babelthuap Palau
ksa=Kosrae Micronesia
ptsa=Kosrae Micronesia
yap=Yap Micronesia
ptya=Yap Micronesia
knh=Kinmen Taiwan
rcbs=Kinmen Taiwan
pif=Pingtung Taiwan
rcdc=Pingtung Taiwan
rcdi=Longtang Taiwan
ttt=Fengnin Taiwan
rcfn=Fengnin Taiwan
gni=Green Island Taiwan
rcgi=Green Island Taiwan
khh=Kaohsiung Taiwan
rckh=Kaohsiung Taiwan
cyi=Chiayi Taiwan
rcku=Chiayi Taiwan
kyd=Lanyu Taiwan
rcly=Lanyu Taiwan
rmq=Taichung Taiwan
rcmq=Taichung Taiwan
ces=Cessnock Australia
ycnk=Cessnock Australia
tnn=Tainan Taiwan
rcnn=Tainan Taiwan
rcpo=Hsinchu Taiwan
mzg=Makung Taiwan
rcqc=Makung Taiwan
rcqs=Taitung Taiwan
rcsq=Pingtung Taiwan
tsa=Taipei Taiwan
rcss=Taipei Taiwan
tpe=Taipei Taiwan
rctp=Taipei Taiwan
wot=Wang An Taiwan
rcwa=Wang An Taiwan
hun=Hualien Taiwan
rcyu=Hualien Taiwan
nrt=Tokyo Japan
rjaa=Tokyo Japan
mmj=Matsumoto Japan
rjaf=Matsumoto Japan
ibr=Ibaraki Japan
rjah=Ibaraki Japan
rjam=Minami Tori Shima Japan
iwo=Iwojima Japan
rjaw=Iwojima Japan
shm=Nanki-shirahama Japan
rjbd=Nanki-shirahama Japan
rjbk=Kohnan Japan
obo=Obihiro Japan
rjcb=Obihiro Japan
cts=Sapporo Japan
rjcc=Sapporo Japan
hkd=Hakodate Japan
rjch=Hakodate Japan
spk=Chitose Japan
rjcj=Chitose Japan
mmb=Memanbetsu Japan
rjcm=Memanbetsu Japan
shb=Nakashibetsu Japan
rjcn=Nakashibetsu Japan
rjct=Tokachi Japan
wkj=Wakkanai Japan
rjcw=Wakkanai Japan
iki=Iki Japan
rjdb=Iki Japan
ubj=Yamaguchi Japan
rjdc=Yamaguchi Japan
tsj=Tsushima Japan
rjdt=Tsushima Japan
mbe=Monbetsu Japan
rjeb=Monbetsu Japan
akj=Asahikawa Japan
rjec=Asahikawa Japan
oir=Okushiri Japan
rjeo=Okushiri Japan
ris=Rishiri Island Japan
rjer=Rishiri Island Japan
rjfa=Ashiya Japan
kum=Yakushima Japan
rjfc=Yakushima Japan
fuj=Fukue Japan
rjfe=Fukue Japan
fuk=Fukuoka Japan
rjff=Fukuoka Japan
tne=Tanegashima Japan
rjfg=Tanegashima Japan
koj=Kagoshima Japan
rjfk=Kagoshima Japan
kmi=Miyazaki Japan
rjfm=Miyazaki Japan
rjfn=Nyutabaru Japan
oit=Oita Japan
rjfo=Oita Japan
kkj=Kitakyushu Japan
rjfr=Kitakyushu Japan
kmj=Kumamoto Japan
rjft=Kumamoto Japan
ngs=Nagasaki Japan
rjfu=Nagasaki Japan
rjfy=Kanoya Japan
rjfz=Tsuiki Japan
asj=Amami Japan
rjka=Amami Japan
rjkb=Okierabu Japan
tkn=Tokunoshima Japan
rjkn=Tokunoshima Japan
rjnf=Fukui Japan
rjng=Gifu Japan
rjnh=Hamamatsu Japan
kmq=Kanazawa Japan
rjnk=Kanazawa Japan
oki=Oki Island Japan
rjno=Oki Island Japan
toy=Toyama Japan
rjnt=Toyama Japan
rjny=Yaizu Japan
hij=Hiroshima Japan
rjoa=Hiroshima Japan
okj=Okayama Japan
rjob=Okayama Japan
izo=Izumo Japan
rjoc=Izumo Japan
rjof=Hofu Japan
ygj=Miho Japan
rjoh=Miho Japan
rjoi=Iwakuni Japan
kcz=Kochi Japan
rjok=Kochi Japan
myj=Matsuyama Japan
rjom=Matsuyama Japan
itm=Osaka Japan
rjoo=Osaka Japan
ttj=Tottori Japan
rjor=Tottori Japan
tks=Tokushima Japan
rjos=Tokushima Japan
tak=Takamatsu Japan
rjot=Takamatsu Japan
rjoy=Osaka Japan
rjoz=Ozuki Japan
aoj=Aomori Japan
rjsa=Aomori Japan
gaj=Yamagata Japan
rjsc=Yamagata Japan
rjsd=Sado Japan
rjsh=Hachinoe Japan
hna=Hanamaki Japan
rjsi=Hanamaki Japan
axt=Akita Japan
rjsk=Akita Japan
msj=Misawa Japan
rjsm=Misawa Japan
sdj=Sendai Japan
rjss=Sendai Japan
rjst=Matsushima Japan
lks=Sazena Czech Republic
lksz=Sazena Czech Republic
rjta=Atsugi Japan
rjte=Tateyama Japan
hac=Hachijojima Japan
rjth=Hachijojima Japan
rjtj=Iruma Japan
rjtk=Kisarazu Japan
rjtl=Shimofusa Japan
oim=Oshima Japan
rjto=Oshima Japan
rjtr=Zama Japan
hnd=Tokyo Japan
rjtt=Tokyo Japan
oko=Yokota Japan
rjty=Yokota Japan
kwj=Kwangju South Korea
rkjj=Kwangju South Korea
rkju=Jhunju South Korea
rsu=Yeosu South Korea
rkjy=Yeosu South Korea
sho=Sokch'o South Korea
rknd=Sokch'o South Korea
kag=Kangnung South Korea
rknn=Kangnung South Korea
mqb=Macomb United States
cju=Cheju South Korea
rkpc=Cheju South Korea
rkpe=Chinhae South Korea
pus=Busan South Korea
rkpk=Busan South Korea
ybuu=Bungle Bungle Australia
usn=Ulsan South Korea
rkpu=Ulsan South Korea
rksg=Pyongtaek South Korea
ssn=Seoul East South Korea
rksm=Seoul East South Korea
osn=Osan South Korea
rkso=Osan South Korea
gmp=Seoul South Korea
rkss=Seoul South Korea
rksw=Suwon South Korea
kpo=Pohang South Korea
rkth=Pohang South Korea
tae=Taegu South Korea
rktn=Taegu South Korea
yec=Yechon South Korea
rkty=Yechon South Korea
oka=Okinawa Japan
roah=Okinawa Japan
rode=Iejima Japan
dna=Kadena Japan
rodn=Kadena Japan
isg=Ishigaki Japan
roig=Ishigaki Japan
ueo=Kumejima Japan
rokj=Kumejima Japan
mmd=Minami Daito Japan
romd=Minami Daito Japan
mmy=Miyako Japan
romy=Miyako Japan
ktd=Kitadaito Japan
rork=Kitadaito Japan
shi=Shimojishima Japan
rors=Shimojishima Japan
rort=Tarama Japan
rnj=Yoron Japan
rory=Yoron Japan
rotm=Futema Japan
ogn=Yonaguni Jima Japan
royn=Yonaguni Jima Japan
mnl=Manila Philippines
rpll=Manila Philippines
myp=Mary Turkmenistan
utam=Mary Turkmenistan
cbo=Cotabato Philippines
rpmc=Cotabato Philippines
cgy=Ladag Philippines
rpml=Ladag Philippines
pag=Pagadian Philippines
rpmp=Pagadian Philippines
rpmr=Romblon Philippines
zam=Zamboanga Philippines
rpmz=Zamboanga Philippines
bag=Baguio Philippines
rpub=Baguio Philippines
rpud=Daet Philippines
rpuf=Floridablanca Philippines
rpug=Lingayen Philippines
rpuh=San Jose Philippines
rpul=Lipa Philippines
rpum=Mamburao Philippines
rpuq=Vigan Philippines
rpur=Baler Philippines
ekkl=Kalundborg Denmark
rpuz=Bagabag Philippines
tac=Tacloban Philippines
rpva=Tacloban Philippines
bcd=Bacolod Philippines
rpvb=Bacolod Philippines
gen=Oslo Norway
dgt=Dumaguete Philippines
rpvd=Dumaguete Philippines
rpve=Caticlan Philippines
rpvg=Guiuan Philippines
ilo=Iloilo Philippines
rpvi=Iloilo Philippines
klo=Kalibo Philippines
rpvk=Kalibo Philippines
rpvm=Cebu Philippines
auw=Wausau United States
pps=Puerto Princesa Philippines
rpvp=Puerto Princesa Philippines
sji=San Jose Philippines
rpvs=San Jose Philippines
coc=Concordia Argentina
saac=Concordia Argentina
ghu=Gualeguaychu Argentina
saag=Gualeguaychu Argentina
saaj=Junin Argentina
pra=Parana Argentina
saap=Parana Argentina
ros=Rosario Argentina
saar=Rosario Argentina
sfn=Santa Fe Argentina
saav=Santa Fe Argentina
aep=Buenos Aires Argentina
sabe=Buenos Aires Argentina
cor=Cordoba Argentina
saco=Cordoba Argentina
sact=Gobernador Gordillo Argentina
sadf=San Fernando Argentina
sadj=Jose C. Paz Argentina
lpg=La Plata Argentina
sadl=La Plata Argentina
sadm=Moron Argentina
sadp=El Palomar Argentina
sahc=Chosmadal Argentina
sahr=Fuerte Gral Roca Argentina
mdz=Mendoza Argentina
same=Mendoza Argentina
lgs=Malargue Argentina
samm=Malargue Argentina
afa=San Rafael Argentina
samr=San Rafael Argentina
ctc=Catamarca Argentina
sanc=Catamarca Argentina
sde=Santiago Del Estero Argentina
sane=Santiago Del Estero Argentina
sani=Tinogasta Argentina
irj=La Rioja Argentina
sanl=La Rioja Argentina
sano=Chilecito Argentina
tuc=Tucuman Argentina
sant=Tucuman Argentina
uaq=San Julian Argentina
sanu=San Julian Argentina
rcu=Rio Cuarto Argentina
saoc=Rio Cuarto Argentina
vdr=Villa Dolores Argentina
saod=Villa Dolores Argentina
saol=Laboulaye Argentina
saom=Marcos Juarez Argentina
saor=Villa Reynolds Argentina
luq=San Luis Argentina
saou=San Luis Argentina
cnq=Corrientes Argentina
sarc=Corrientes Argentina
res=Resistencia Argentina
sare=Resistencia Argentina
fma=Formosa Argentina
sarf=Formosa Argentina
igr=Iguazu Falls Argentina
sari=Iguazu Falls Argentina
aol=Paso De Los Libres Argentina
sarl=Paso De Los Libres Argentina
sarm=Monte Caseros Argentina
pss=Posadas Argentina
sarp=Posadas Argentina
sars=Presidencia R.s.pena Argentina
sla=Salta Argentina
sasa=Salta Argentina
juj=Jujuy Argentina
sasj=Jujuy Argentina
ora=Oran Argentina
saso=Oran Argentina
sasq=La Quiaca Argentina
c47=Portage United States
satd=El Dorado Argentina
satg=Goya Argentina
sato=Obera Argentina
satr=Reconquista Argentina
satu=Curuzu Cuatia Argentina
ehl=El Bolson Argentina
savb=El Bolson Argentina
crd=Comodoro Rivadavia Argentina
savc=Comodoro Rivadavia Argentina
eqs=Esquel Argentina
save=Esquel Argentina
rel=Trelew Argentina
savt=Trelew Argentina
vdm=Viedma Argentina
savv=Viedma Argentina
pmy=Puerto Madryn Argentina
savy=Puerto Madryn Argentina
sawb=Marambio Base Antarctica
pud=Puerto Deseado Argentina
sawd=Puerto Deseado Argentina
rga=Rio Grande Argentina
sawe=Rio Grande Argentina
rgl=Rio Gallegos Argentina
sawg=Rio Gallegos Argentina
ush=Ushuaia Argentina
sawh=Ushuaia Argentina
ula=San Julian Argentina
sawj=San Julian Argentina
pmq=Perito Moreno Argentina
sawp=Perito Moreno Argentina
rza=Santa Cruz Argentina
sawu=Santa Cruz Argentina
bhi=Bahia Blanca Argentina
sazb=Bahia Blanca Argentina
sazc=Colonel Suarez Argentina
sazf=Olavarria Argentina
sazg=General Pico Argentina
sazh=Tres Arroyos Argentina
sazi=Bolivar Argentina
iwd=Ironwood United States
mdq=Mar Del Plata Argentina
sazm=Mar Del Plata Argentina
nqn=Neuquen Argentina
sazn=Neuquen Argentina
mcd=Mackinac Island United States
sazp=Pehuajo Argentina
rsa=Santa Rosa Argentina
sazr=Santa Rosa Argentina
brc=San Carlos De Bariloche Argentina
sazs=San Carlos De Bariloche Argentina
tdl=Tandil Argentina
sazt=Tandil Argentina
vlg=Villa Gesell Argentina
sazv=Villa Gesell Argentina
sazw=Cutralco Argentina
cpc=San Martin Des Andes Argentina
sazy=San Martin Des Andes Argentina
cdj=Conceicao Do Araguaia Brazil
sbaa=Conceicao Do Araguaia Brazil
sbaf=Rio De Janeiro Brazil
sbam=Amapa Brazil
aqa=Araracuara Brazil
sbaq=Araracuara Brazil
aju=Aracaju Brazil
sbar=Aracaju Brazil
sbas=Assis Brazil
afl=Alta Floresta Brazil
sbat=Alta Floresta Brazil
aru=Aracatuba Brazil
sbau=Aracatuba Brazil
bel=Belem Brazil
sbbe=Belem Brazil
bgx=Bage Brazil
sbbg=Bage Brazil
plu=Belo Horizonte Brazil
sbbh=Belo Horizonte Brazil
bfh=Curitiba Brazil
sbbi=Curitiba Brazil
sbbq=Barbacena Brazil
bsb=Brasilia Brazil
sbbr=Brasilia Brazil
bau=Bauru Brazil
sbbu=Bauru Brazil
bvb=Boa Vista Brazil
sbbv=Boa Vista Brazil
sbbw=Barra Do Garcas Brazil
cac=Cascavel Brazil
sbca=Cascavel Brazil
sbcc=Itaituba Brazil
cnf=Belo Horizonte Brazil
sbcf=Belo Horizonte Brazil
cgr=Campo Grande Brazil
sbcg=Campo Grande Brazil
xap=Chapeco Brazil
sbch=Chapeco Brazil
cln=Carolina Brazil
sbci=Carolina Brazil
ccm=Criciuma Brazil
sbcm=Criciuma Brazil
sbco=Porto Alegre Brazil
caw=Campos Brazil
sbcp=Campos Brazil
cmg=Corumba Brazil
sbcr=Corumba Brazil
cwb=Curitiba Brazil
sbct=Curitiba Brazil
crq=Caravelas Brazil
sbcv=Caravelas Brazil
cxj=Caxias Do Sul Brazil
sbcx=Caxias Do Sul Brazil
cgb=Cuiaba Brazil
sbcy=Cuiaba Brazil
czs=Cruzeiro do Sul Brazil
sbcz=Cruzeiro do Sul Brazil
ppb=President Prudente Brazil
sbdn=President Prudente Brazil
mao=Manaus Brazil
sbeg=Manaus Brazil
sbek=Jacare-acanga Brazil
sbes=Sao Pedro Da Aldeia Brazil
igu=Foz Do Iguacu Brazil
sbfi=Foz Do Iguacu Brazil
fln=Florianopolis Brazil
sbfl=Florianopolis Brazil
fen=Fernando Do Noronha Brazil
sbfn=Fernando Do Noronha Brazil
sbft=Fronteira Brazil
sbfu=Alpinopolis Brazil
for=Fortaleza Brazil
sbfz=Fortaleza Brazil
gig=Rio De Janeiro Brazil
sbgl=Rio De Janeiro Brazil
sbgm=Guajara-mirim Brazil
gyn=Goiania Brazil
sbgo=Goiania Brazil
sbgp=Macae Brazil
gru=Sao Paulo Brazil
sbgr=Sao Paulo Brazil
sbgw=Guaratingueta Brazil
atm=Altamira Brazil
sbht=Altamira Brazil
sbic=Itaituba Brazil
sbih=Itaituba Brazil
ios=Ilheus Brazil
sbil=Ilheus Brazil
ipn=Ipatinga Brazil
sbip=Ipatinga Brazil
sbit=Itumbiara Brazil
imp=Imperatriz Brazil
sbiz=Imperatriz Brazil
sbjc=Belem Brazil
jdf=Juiz De Fora Brazil
sbjf=Juiz De Fora Brazil
jpa=Joao Pessoa Brazil
sbjp=Joao Pessoa Brazil
joi=Joinville Brazil
sbjv=Joinville Brazil
cpv=Campina Grande Brazil
sbkg=Campina Grande Brazil
vcp=Campinas Brazil
sbkp=Campinas Brazil
sblj=Lajes Brazil
lip=Lins Brazil
sbln=Lins Brazil
ldb=Londrina Brazil
sblo=Londrina Brazil
laz=Bom Jesus Da Lapa Brazil
sblp=Bom Jesus Da Lapa Brazil
sbls=Lagoa Santa Brazil
mab=Maraba Brazil
sbma=Maraba Brazil
sbmd=Almeirim Brazil
mgf=Maringa Brazil
sbmg=Maringa Brazil
moc=Montes Claros Brazil
sbmk=Montes Claros Brazil
grm=Grand Marais United States
kckc=Grand Marais United States
sbmn=Manaus Brazil
mcz=Maceio Brazil
sbmo=Maceio Brazil
mcp=Macapa Brazil
sbmq=Macapa Brazil
sbms=Mocord Brazil
sbmt=Sao Paulo Brazil
mnx=Manicore Brazil
sbmy=Manicore Brazil
nvt=Navegantes Brazil
sbnf=Navegantes Brazil
gel=Santo Angelo Brazil
sbnm=Santo Angelo Brazil
nat=Natal Brazil
sbnt=Natal Brazil
sboi=Oioiapoque Brazil
poa=Porto Alegre Brazil
sbpa=Porto Alegre Brazil
sbpb=Parnaiba Brazil
poo=Pocos De Caldas Brazil
sbpc=Pocos De Caldas Brazil
pfb=Passo Fundo Brazil
sbpf=Passo Fundo Brazil
pet=Pelotas Brazil
sbpk=Pelotas Brazil
pnz=Petrolina Brazil
sbpl=Petrolina Brazil
pnb=Porto Nacional Brazil
sbpn=Porto Nacional Brazil
pmg=Ponta Pora Brazil
sbpp=Ponta Pora Brazil
pvh=Porto Velho Brazil
sbpv=Porto Velho Brazil
npz=Valparaiso United States
rbr=Rio Branco Brazil
sbrb=Rio Branco Brazil
rec=Recife Brazil
sbrf=Recife Brazil
rig=Rio Grande Brazil
sbrg=Rio Grande Brazil
sdu=Rio De Janeiro Brazil
sbrj=Rio De Janeiro Brazil
rao=Ribeirao Preto Brazil
sbrp=Ribeirao Preto Brazil
stu=Rio De Janeiro Brazil
sbsc=Rio De Janeiro Brazil
sjk=Sao Jose Dos Campos Brazil
sbsj=Sao Jose Dos Campos Brazil
slz=Sao Luis Brazil
sbsl=Sao Luis Brazil
cgh=Sao Paulo Brazil
sbsp=Sao Paulo Brazil
sjp=Sao Jose Do Rio Preto Brazil
sbsr=Sao Jose Do Rio Preto Brazil
ssz=Santos Brazil
sbst=Santos Brazil
ssa=Salvador Brazil
sbsv=Salvador Brazil
tmt=Oriximina Brazil
sbtb=Oriximina Brazil
the=Teresina Brazil
sbte=Teresina Brazil
tff=Tefe Brazil
sbtf=Tefe Brazil
sbtk=Tarauaca Brazil
sbtl=Telemaco Borba Brazil
sbts=Obidos Tirios Brazil
tbt=Tabatinga Brazil
sbtt=Tabatinga Brazil
tur=Tucurui Brazil
sbtu=Tucurui Brazil
sbua=Sao Gabriel Brazil
pav=Paulo Alfonso Brazil
sbuf=Paulo Alfonso Brazil
urg=Uruguaiana Brazil
sbug=Uruguaiana Brazil
udi=Uberlandia Brazil
sbul=Uberlandia Brazil
sbup=Castilho Brazil
uba=Uberaba Brazil
sbur=Uberaba Brazil
vag=Varginha Brazil
sbvg=Varginha Brazil
bvh=Vilhena Brazil
sbvh=Vilhena Brazil
vix=Vitoria Brazil
sbvt=Vitoria Brazil
sbya=Iauarete Brazil
qps=Piracununga Brazil
sbys=Piracununga Brazil
ari=Arica Chile
scar=Arica Chile
bba=Balmaceda Chile
scba=Balmaceda Chile
scbq=Santiago Chile
cch=Chile Chico Chile
sccc=Chile Chico Chile
cjc=Calama Chile
sccf=Calama Chile
scch=Chillan Chile
puq=Punta Arenas Chile
scci=Punta Arenas Chile
gxq=Coyhaique Chile
sccy=Coyhaique Chile
iqq=Iquique Chile
scda=Iquique Chile
scl=Santiago Chile
scel=Santiago Chile
anf=Antofagasta Chile
scfa=Antofagasta Chile
scfm=Porvenir Chile
scft=Futaleufu Chile
lsq=Los Angeles Chile
scge=Los Angeles Chile
scgz=Puerto Williams Chile
ccp=Concepcion Chile
scie=Concepcion Chile
ipc=Easter Island Chile
scip=Easter Island Chile
zos=Osorno Chile
scjo=Osorno Chile
scll=Vallenar Chile
scrg=Rancagua Chile
scrm=Isla Rey Jorge Antarctica
lsc=La Serena Chile
scse=La Serena Chile
sctb=Santiago Chile
zco=Temuco Chile
sctc=Temuco Chile
pmc=Puerto Montt Chile
scte=Puerto Montt Chile
wch=Chaiten Chile
sctn=Chaiten Chile
zal=Valdivia Chile
scvd=Valdivia Chile
atf=Ambato Ecuador
seam=Ambato Ecuador
secm=Clementia Ecuador
occ=Coca Ecuador
seco=Coca Ecuador
cue=Cuenca Ecuador
secu=Cuenca Ecuador
gps=Galapagos Ecuador
segs=Galapagos Ecuador
gye=Guayaquil Ecuador
segu=Guayaquil Ecuador
segz=Gualaquiza Ecuador
seib=Ibarra Ecuador
sekk=Km-192 Ecuador
selj=La Julia Ecuador
selt=Latacunga Ecuador
sema=Macara Ecuador
xms=Macas Ecuador
semc=Macas Ecuador
mch=Machala Ecuador
semh=Machala Ecuador
semo=Montalvo Ecuador
mec=Manta Ecuador
semt=Manta Ecuador
semx=Maragrosa Ecuador
seps=Pasaje Ecuador
pvo=Portoviejo Ecuador
sepv=Portoviejo Ecuador
seqe=Quevedo Ecuador
uio=Quito Ecuador
sequ=Quito Ecuador
serb=Riobamba Ecuador
sero=Santa Rosa Ecuador
snc=Salinas Ecuador
sesa=Salinas Ecuador
sesd=Santo Domingo Ecuador
seta=Taura Ecuador
sete=Tena Ecuador
tpc=Tarapoa Ecuador
setr=Tarapoa Ecuador
tua=Tulcan Ecuador
setu=Tulcan Ecuador
asu=Asuncion Paraguay
sgas=Asuncion Paraguay
sgay=Ayolas Paraguay
sgco=Conception Paraguay
sgib=Itaipu Paraguay
sgme=Mariscal Estigarribia Paraguay
sgpi=Pilar Paraguay
axm=Armenia Colombia
skar=Armenia Colombia
puu=Puerto Asis Colombia
skas=Puerto Asis Colombia
skbc=El Banco Colombia
bga=Bucaramanga Colombia
skbg=Bucaramanga Colombia
bog=Bogota Colombia
skbo=Bogota Colombia
baq=Barranquilla Colombia
skbq=Barranquilla Colombia
bsc=Bahia Solano Colombia
skbs=Bahia Solano Colombia
bun=Buenaventura Colombia
skbu=Buenaventura Colombia
cuc=Cucuta Colombia
skcc=Cucuta Colombia
ctg=Cartagena Colombia
skcg=Cartagena Colombia
clo=Cali Colombia
skcl=Cali Colombia
tco=Tumaco Colombia
skco=Tumaco Colombia
czu=Corozal Colombia
skcz=Corozal Colombia
eja=Barrancabermeja Colombia
skej=Barrancabermeja Colombia
fla=Florencia Colombia
skfl=Florencia Colombia
skgi=Girardot Colombia
mxy=McCarthy United States
gpi=Guapi Colombia
skgp=Guapi Colombia
skgy=Guaymaral Colombia
ibe=Ibague Colombia
skib=Ibague Colombia
ipi=Ipiales Colombia
skip=Ipiales Colombia
sklc=Carepa Colombia
sklm=La Mina Colombia
let=Leticia Colombia
sklt=Leticia Colombia
eoh=Medellin Colombia
skmd=Medellin Colombia
mgn=Magangue Colombia
skmg=Magangue Colombia
mtr=Monteria Colombia
skmr=Monteria Colombia
mvp=Mitu Colombia
skmu=Mitu Colombia
mzl=Manizales Colombia
skmz=Manizales Colombia
nva=Neiva Colombia
sknv=Neiva Colombia
ocv=Ocana Colombia
skoc=Ocana Colombia
otu=Otu Colombia
skot=Otu Colombia
skpb=Puerto Bolivar Colombia
pcr=Puerto Carreno Colombia
skpc=Puerto Carreno Colombia
pei=Pereira Colombia
skpe=Pereira Colombia
skpi=Pitalito Colombia
ppn=Popayan Colombia
skpp=Popayan Colombia
pso=Pasto Colombia
skps=Pasto Colombia
pva=Providencia Colombia
skpv=Providencia Colombia
skqu=Mariquita Colombia
mde=Rio Negro Colombia
skrg=Rio Negro Colombia
rch=Rio Hacha Colombia
skrh=Rio Hacha Colombia
sje=San Jose Del Guaviare Colombia
sksj=San Jose Del Guaviare Colombia
smr=Santa Marta Colombia
sksm=Santa Marta Colombia
adz=San Andres Island Colombia
sksp=San Andres Island Colombia
svi=San Vincente De Caguan Colombia
sksv=San Vincente De Caguan Colombia
tme=Tame Colombia
sktm=Tame Colombia
auc=Arauca Colombia
skuc=Arauca Colombia
uib=Quibdo Colombia
skui=Quibdo Colombia
ulq=Tulua Colombia
skul=Tulua Colombia
vup=Valledupar Colombia
skvp=Valledupar Colombia
vvc=Villavicencio Colombia
skvv=Villavicencio Colombia
bjo=Bermejo Bolivia
slbj=Bermejo Bolivia
cbb=Cochabamba Bolivia
slcb=Cochabamba Bolivia
slch=Chapacura Bolivia
cij=Cobija Bolivia
slco=Cobija Bolivia
lpb=La Paz Bolivia
sllp=La Paz Bolivia
slor=Oruro Bolivia
poi=Potosi Bolivia
slpo=Potosi Bolivia
psz=Puerto Suarez Bolivia
slps=Puerto Suarez Bolivia
slsa=Santa Ana Bolivia
sre=Sucre Bolivia
slsu=Sucre Bolivia
tja=Tarija Bolivia
sltj=Tarija Bolivia
tdd=Trinidad Bolivia
sltr=Trinidad Bolivia
slvm=Villa Montes Bolivia
vvi=Santa Cruz Bolivia
slvr=Santa Cruz Bolivia
byc=Yacuiba Bolivia
slya=Yacuiba Bolivia
pbm=Zandery Suriname
smjp=Zandery Suriname
cay=Cayenne French Guiana
soca=Cayenne French Guiana
soog=St.-georges Oyapock French Guiana
spab=Huancabamba Peru
spas=Andoas Peru
spay=Atalaya Peru
swd=Seward United States
spbr=Iberia Peru
pcl=Pucallpa Peru
spcl=Pucallpa Peru
chm=Chimbote Peru
speo=Chimbote Peru
spep=Puerto Esperanza Peru
speq=Moquegua Peru
cix=Chiclayo Peru
sphi=Chiclayo Peru
ayp=Ayacucho Peru
spho=Ayacucho Peru
ans=Andahuaylas Peru
sphy=Andahuaylas Peru
ata=Anta Peru
sphz=Anta Peru
lim=Lima Peru
spim=Lima Peru
jji=Juanjui Peru
spji=Juanjui Peru
spjj=Jauja Peru
jul=Juliaca Peru
spjl=Juliaca Peru
mgc=Michigan City United States
kmgc=Michigan City United States
splo=Ilo Peru
splp=Las Palmas Peru
tbp=Tumbes Peru
spme=Tumbes Peru
yms=Yurimaguas Peru
spms=Yurimaguas Peru
spol=Collique Peru
chh=Chachapoyas Peru
sppy=Chachapoyas Peru
iqt=Iquitos Peru
spqt=Iquitos Peru
aqp=Arequipa Peru
spqu=Arequipa Peru
sprm=San Ramon Peru
tru=Trujillo Peru
spru=Trujillo Peru
pio=Pisco Peru
spso=Pisco Peru
tpp=Tarapoto Peru
spst=Tarapoto Peru
tcq=Tacna Peru
sptn=Tacna Peru
pem=Puerto Maldonado Peru
sptu=Puerto Maldonado Peru
piu=Piura Peru
spur=Piura Peru
tyl=Talara Peru
spyl=Talara Peru
rjan=Niijima Japan
cuz=Cuzco Peru
spzo=Cuzco Peru
suaa=Montevideo Uruguay
sudu=Durazno Uruguay
mvd=Montevideo Uruguay
sumu=Montevideo Uruguay
sty=Salto Uruguay
suso=Salto Uruguay
agv=Acarigua Venezuela
svac=Acarigua Venezuela
aao=Anaco Venezuela
svan=Anaco Venezuela
svat=San Fernando Deatabapo Venezuela
bla=Barcelona Venezuela
svbc=Barcelona Venezuela
bns=Barinas Venezuela
svbi=Barinas Venezuela
svbl=Maracaibo Venezuela
brm=Barquisimeto Venezuela
svbm=Barquisimeto Venezuela
cbl=Ciudad Bolivar Venezuela
svcb=Ciudad Bolivar Venezuela
svcd=Caicara De Orinoco Venezuela
svcj=San Carlos Venezuela
svcl=Calabozo Venezuela
caj=Canaima Venezuela
svcn=Canaima Venezuela
svco=Carora Venezuela
cup=Carupano Venezuela
svcp=Carupano Venezuela
cze=Coro Venezuela
svcr=Coro Venezuela
svcs=Caracas Venezuela
cum=Cumana Venezuela
svcu=Cumana Venezuela
svcz=Carrizal Venezuela
sved=El Dorado Venezuela
svez=Elorza Venezuela
svgd=Guasdualito Venezuela
gui=Guiria Venezuela
svgi=Guiria Venezuela
guq=Guanare Venezuela
svgu=Guanare Venezuela
svhg=Higuerote Venezuela
svie=Isla De Coche Venezuela
lsp=Paraguana Venezuela
svjc=Paraguana Venezuela
svjm=San Juan De Los Morros Venezuela
lfr=La Fria Venezuela
svlf=La Fria Venezuela
svlo=La Orchila Venezuela
mar=Maracaibo Venezuela
svmc=Maracaibo Venezuela
mrd=Merida Venezuela
svmd=Merida Venezuela
pmv=Porlamar Venezuela
svmg=Porlamar Venezuela
ccs=Caracas Venezuela
svmi=Caracas Venezuela
mun=Maturin Venezuela
svmt=Maturin Venezuela
pyh=Puerto Ayacucho Venezuela
svpa=Puerto Ayacucho Venezuela
pbl=Puerto Cabello Venezuela
svpc=Puerto Cabello Venezuela
svpm=San Cristobal Venezuela
pzo=Guayana Venezuela
svpr=Guayana Venezuela
svpt=Palmarito Venezuela
svz=San Antonio Venezuela
svsa=San Antonio Venezuela
svsb=Santa Barbara Venezuela
svse=Santa Ana De Uairen Venezuela
std=Santo Domingo Venezuela
svso=Santo Domingo Venezuela
sfh=San Felipe Venezuela
svsp=San Felipe Venezuela
sfd=San Fernando De Apure Venezuela
svsr=San Fernando De Apure Venezuela
som=San Tome Venezuela
svst=San Tome Venezuela
stb=Santa Barbara Venezuela
svsz=Santa Barbara Venezuela
tuv=Tucupita Venezuela
svtc=Tucupita Venezuela
svtm=Tumeremo Venezuela
vln=Valencia Venezuela
svva=Valencia Venezuela
edvi=Hoexter Holzminden Germany
vlv=Valera Venezuela
svvl=Valera Venezuela
vdp=Valle De La Pascua Venezuela
svvp=Valle De La Pascua Venezuela
syld=Linden Guyana
ltm=Lethem Guyana
sylt=Lethem Guyana
anu=Antigua Antigua and Barbuda
tapa=Antigua Antigua and Barbuda
bgi=Bridgetown Barbados
tbpb=Bridgetown Barbados
dcf=Canefield Dominica
tdcf=Canefield Dominica
dom=Dominica Dominica
tdpd=Dominica Dominica
fdf=Fort-de-france Martinique
tfff=Fort-de-france Martinique
sfg=St. Martin Guadeloupe
tffg=St. Martin Guadeloupe
ptp=Pointe-a-pitre Guadeloupe
tffr=Pointe-a-pitre Guadeloupe
gnd=Point Salines Grenada
tgpy=Point Salines Grenada
stt=St. Thomas Virgin Islands
tist=St. Thomas Virgin Islands
stx=St. Croix Island Virgin Islands
tisx=St. Croix Island Virgin Islands
bqn=Aguadilla Puerto Rico
tjbq=Aguadilla Puerto Rico
faj=Fajardo Puerto Rico
tjfa=Fajardo Puerto Rico
sig=San Juan Puerto Rico
tjig=San Juan Puerto Rico
maz=Mayaguez Puerto Rico
tjmz=Mayaguez Puerto Rico
pse=Ponce Puerto Rico
tjps=Ponce Puerto Rico
sju=San Juan Puerto Rico
tjsj=San Juan Puerto Rico
skb=Basse Terre Saint Kitts and Nevis
tkpk=Basse Terre Saint Kitts and Nevis
edld=Dinslaken Germany
slu=Castries Saint Lucia
tlpc=Castries Saint Lucia
uvf=Hewandorra Saint Lucia
tlpl=Hewandorra Saint Lucia
aua=Oranjestad Aruba
tnca=Oranjestad Aruba
bon=Kralendijk Netherlands Antilles
tncb=Kralendijk Netherlands Antilles
cur=Willemstad Netherlands Antilles
tncc=Willemstad Netherlands Antilles
eux=Oranjestad Netherlands Antilles
tnce=Oranjestad Netherlands Antilles
sxm=Philipsburg Netherlands Antilles
tncm=Philipsburg Netherlands Antilles
axa=The Valley Anguilla
tqpf=The Valley Anguilla
tab=Scarborough Trinidad and Tobago
ttcp=Scarborough Trinidad and Tobago
pos=Port-of-spain Trinidad and Tobago
ttpp=Port-of-spain Trinidad and Tobago
eis=Tortola British Virgin Islands
tupj=Tortola British Virgin Islands
aet=Allakaket United States
pfal=Allakaket United States
ciw=Canouan Island Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
tvsc=Canouan Island Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
mqs=Mustique Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
tvsm=Mustique Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
svd=Kingstown Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
tvsv=Kingstown Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
ala=Alma-ata Kazakhstan
uaaa=Alma-ata Kazakhstan
uaah=Balkhash Kazakhstan
tse=Tselinograd Kazakhstan
uacc=Tselinograd Kazakhstan
dmb=Dzhambul Kazakhstan
uadd=Dzhambul Kazakhstan
fru=Bishkek Kyrgyzstan
uafm=Bishkek Kyrgyzstan
oss=Osh Kyrgyzstan
uafo=Osh Kyrgyzstan
cit=Chimkent Kazakhstan
uaii=Chimkent Kazakhstan
yak=Yakutat United States
paya=Yakutat United States
ura=Uralsk Kazakhstan
uarr=Uralsk Kazakhstan
pwq=Pavlodar Kazakhstan
uasp=Pavlodar Kazakhstan
plx=Semiplatinsk Kazakhstan
uass=Semiplatinsk Kazakhstan
uate=Aktau Kazakhstan
akx=Aktyubinsk Kazakhstan
uatt=Aktyubinsk Kazakhstan
gyd=Baku Azerbaijan
ubbb=Baku Azerbaijan
yks=Yakutsk Russia
ueee=Yakutsk Russia
mjz=Mirnyj Russia
uerr=Mirnyj Russia
bqs=Blagoveschensk Russia
uhbb=Blagoveschensk Russia
khv=Khabarovsk Russia
uhhh=Khabarovsk Russia
mqt=Marquette United States
kmqt=Marquette United States
pvs=Provideniya Bay Russia
uhmd=Provideniya Bay Russia
gdx=Magadan Russia
uhmm=Magadan Russia
pwe=Pevek Russia
uhmp=Pevek Russia
pkc=Petropavlovsk Russia
uhpp=Petropavlovsk Russia
uus=Yuzhno-sakhalinsk Russia
uhss=Yuzhno-sakhalinsk Russia
vvo=Vladivostok Russia
uhww=Vladivostok Russia
hta=Chita Russia
uiaa=Chita Russia
btk=Bratsk Russia
uibb=Bratsk Russia
ikt=Irkutsk Russia
uiii=Irkutsk Russia
uud=Ulan-ude Russia
uiuu=Ulan-ude Russia
kbp=Kiev Ukraine
ukbb=Kiev Ukraine
dok=Donetsk Ukraine
ukcc=Donetsk Ukraine
dnk=Dnepropetrovsk Ukraine
ukdd=Dnepropetrovsk Ukraine
sip=Simferopol Ukraine
ukff=Simferopol Ukraine
iev=Kiev Ukraine
ukkk=Kiev Ukraine
lwo=Lvov Ukraine
ukll=Lvov Ukraine
imt=Iron Mountain United States
kimt=Iron Mountain United States
ods=Odessa Ukraine
ukoo=Odessa Ukraine
led=St. Petersburg Russia
ulli=St. Petersburg Russia
mmk=Murmansk Russia
ulmm=Murmansk Russia
gme=Gomel Belarus
umgg=Gomel Belarus
vtb=Vitebsk Belarus
umii=Vitebsk Belarus
kgd=Kaliningrad Russia
umkk=Kaliningrad Russia
mhp=Minsk Belarus
ummm=Minsk Belarus
msq=Minsk 2 Belarus
umms=Minsk 2 Belarus
aba=Abakan Russia
unaa=Abakan Russia
bax=Barnaul Russia
unbb=Barnaul Russia
kej=Kemorovo Russia
unee=Kemorovo Russia
oms=Omsk Russia
unoo=Omsk Russia
krr=Krasnodar Russia
urkk=Krasnodar Russia
mcx=Makhachkala Russia
urml=Makhachkala Russia
mrv=Mineralnye Vody Russia
urmm=Mineralnye Vody Russia
stw=Stavropol Russia
urmt=Stavropol Russia
rov=Rostov Russia
urrr=Rostov Russia
aer=Sochi Russia
urss=Sochi Russia
asf=Astrakhan Russia
urwa=Astrakhan Russia
vog=Volgograd Russia
urww=Volgograd Russia
cek=Chelyabinsk Russia
uscc=Chelyabinsk Russia
mqf=Magnetiogorsk Russia
uscm=Magnetiogorsk Russia
gbz=Claris New Zealand
nzgb=Claris New Zealand
njc=Nizhnevartovsk Russia
usnn=Nizhnevartovsk Russia
pee=Perm Russia
uspp=Perm Russia
sgc=Surgut Russia
usrr=Surgut Russia
svx=Yekaterinburg Russia
usss=Yekaterinburg Russia
asb=Ashkhabad Turkmenistan
utaa=Ashkhabad Turkmenistan
krw=Krasnovodsk Turkmenistan
utak=Krasnovodsk Turkmenistan
utav=Chardzhou Turkmenistan
dyu=Dushanbe Tajikistan
utdd=Dushanbe Tajikistan
bhk=Bukhara Uzbekistan
utsb=Bukhara Uzbekistan
skd=Samarkand Uzbekistan
utss=Samarkand Uzbekistan
iud=Doha Qatar
otbh=Doha Qatar
tas=Tashkent Uzbekistan
uttt=Tashkent Uzbekistan
bzk=Bryansk Russia
uubp=Bryansk Russia
svo=Moscow Russia
uuee=Moscow Russia
kld=Tver Russia
uuem=Tver Russia
voz=Voronezh Russia
uuoo=Voronezh Russia
vko=Moscow Russia
uuww=Moscow Russia
scw=Syktyvkar Russia
uuyy=Syktyvkar Russia
kzn=Kazan Russia
uwkd=Kazan Russia
ren=Orenburg Russia
uwoo=Orenburg Russia
ufa=Ufa Russia
uwuu=Ufa Russia
kby=Samara Russia
uwww=Samara Russia
amd=Ahmedabad India
vaah=Ahmedabad India
akd=Akola India
vaak=Akola India
ixu=Aurangabad India
vaau=Aurangabad India
bom=Mumbai India
vabb=Mumbai India
pab=Bilaspur India
vabi=Bilaspur India
bhj=Bhuj India
vabj=Bhuj India
ixg=Belgaum India
vabm=Belgaum India
bdq=Baroda India
vabo=Baroda India
bho=Bhopal India
vabp=Bhopal India
bhu=Bhaunagar India
vabv=Bhaunagar India
nmb=Daman India
vadn=Daman India
vads=Deesa India
vagn=Guna India
goi=Goa India
vago=Goa India
idr=Indore India
vaid=Indore India
jlr=Jabalpur India
vajb=Jabalpur India
jga=Jamnagar India
vajm=Jamnagar India
ixy=Kandla India
vake=Kandla India
hjr=Khajuraho India
vakj=Khajuraho India
klh=Kolhapur India
vakp=Kolhapur India
ixk=Keshod India
vaks=Keshod India
nag=Nagpur India
vanp=Nagpur India
isk=Nasik Road India
vanr=Nasik Road India
pnq=Pune India
vapo=Pune India
pbd=Porbandar India
vapr=Porbandar India
raj=Rajkot India
vark=Rajkot India
rpr=Raipur India
varp=Raipur India
sse=Sholapur India
vasl=Sholapur India
stv=Surat India
vasu=Surat India
udr=Udaipur India
vaud=Udaipur India
cmb=Colombo Sri Lanka
vcbi=Colombo Sri Lanka
vcca=Anuradhapura Sri Lanka
vccb=Batticaloa Sri Lanka
rml=Colombo Sri Lanka
vccc=Colombo Sri Lanka
goy=Galoya Sri Lanka
vccg=Galoya Sri Lanka
jaf=Jaffna Sri Lanka
vccj=Jaffna Sri Lanka
trr=Trinciomalee Sri Lanka
vcct=Trinciomalee Sri Lanka
kik=Kirkuk Iraq
orkk=Kirkuk Iraq
vdkh=Kompong Chnang Cambodia
pnh=Phnom-penh Cambodia
vdpp=Phnom-penh Cambodia
rep=Siem-reap Cambodia
vdsr=Siem-reap Cambodia
vdst=Stung Treng Cambodia
vean=Along India
ixa=Agartala India
veat=Agartala India
ajl=Aizwal India
veaz=Aizwal India
ixb=Baghdogra India
vebd=Baghdogra India
vebk=Bokaro India
bbi=Bhubaneswar India
vebs=Bhubaneswar India
ccu=Kolkata India
vecc=Kolkata India
coh=Cooch-behar India
veco=Cooch-behar India
dbd=Dhanbad India
vedb=Dhanbad India
esc=Escanaba United States
kesc=Escanaba United States
gay=Gaya India
vegy=Gaya India
vehk=Hirakud India
imf=Imphal India
veim=Imphal India
vejh=Jharsuguda India
ixw=Jamshedpur India
vejs=Jamshedpur India
jrh=Jorhat India
vejt=Jorhat India
ixh=Kailashahar India
vekr=Kailashahar India
ixs=Silchar India
veku=Silchar India
ixi=Lilabari India
velr=Lilabari India
moh=Mohanbari India
vemn=Mohanbari India
vemz=Mazuffarpur India
venp=Nawapara India
veph=Panagarh India
pat=Patina India
vept=Patina India
vepu=Purnea India
ixr=Ranchi India
verc=Ranchi India
rrk=Rourkela India
verk=Rourkela India
veuk=Utkela India
vtz=Vishakhapatnam India
vevz=Vishakhapatnam India
vezo=Zero India
cxb=Cox's Bazar Bangladesh
vgcb=Cox's Bazar Bangladesh
cgp=Chittagong Bangladesh
vgeg=Chittagong Bangladesh
ird=Ishurdi Bangladesh
vgis=Ishurdi Bangladesh
jsr=Jessore Bangladesh
vgjr=Jessore Bangladesh
rjh=Rajshahi Bangladesh
vgrj=Rajshahi Bangladesh
spd=Saidpur Bangladesh
vgsd=Saidpur Bangladesh
zyl=Sylhet Osmani Bangladesh
vgsy=Sylhet Osmani Bangladesh
vgtj=Dhaka Bangladesh
dac=Dhaka Bangladesh
vgzr=Dhaka Bangladesh
hkg=Hong Kong Hong Kong
vhhh=Hong Kong Hong Kong
vhsk=Sek Kong Hong Kong
agr=Agra India
viag=Agra India
ixd=Allahabad India
vial=Allahabad India
atq=Amritsar India
viar=Amritsar India
vibk=Bikaner India
vibl=Bakshi Ka Talab India
vns=Varanasi India
vibn=Varanasi India
kuu=Kulu India
vibr=Kulu India
vibt=Bhatinda India
vibw=Bhiwani India
viby=Bareilly India
ixc=Chandigarh India
vicg=Chandigarh India
vicx=Kanpur India
vidd=Delhi India
ded=Dehra Dun India
vidn=Dehra Dun India
del=Delhi India
vidp=Delhi India
gwl=Gwalior India
vigr=Gwalior India
vihr=Hissar India
vijn=Jhansi India
jdh=Jodhpur India
vijo=Jodhpur India
jai=Jaipur India
vijp=Jaipur India
jsa=Jaisalmer India
vijr=Jaisalmer India
ixj=Jammu India
viju=Jammu India
knu=Kanpur India
vika=Kanpur India
ktu=Kota India
viko=Kota India
luh=Ludhiaha India
vild=Ludhiaha India
ixl=Leh India
vilh=Leh India
lko=Lucknow India
vilk=Lucknow India
ixp=Pathankot India
vipk=Pathankot India
vipl=Patiala India
pgh=Nainital India
vipt=Nainital India
virb=Raibarelli India
visp=Saharanpur India
sxr=Srinagar India
visr=Srinagar India
tni=Satna India
vist=Satna India
bxh=Balkhash Kazakhstan
lpq=Luang Prabang Laos
vllb=Luang Prabang Laos
pkz=Pakse Laos
vlps=Pakse Laos
vlpv=Phong Savanh Laos
zvk=Savannakhet Laos
vlsk=Savannakhet Laos
vlsn=Sam Neua Laos
vte=Vientiane Laos
vlvt=Vientiane Laos
mfm=Macau Macau
vmmc=Macau Macau
bwa=Bhairawa Nepal
vnbw=Bhairawa Nepal
vnjp=Janakpur Nepal
ktm=Kathmandu Nepal
vnkt=Kathmandu Nepal
pkr=Pokhara Nepal
vnpk=Pokhara Nepal
sif=Simara Nepal
vnsi=Simara Nepal
bir=Biratnagar Nepal
vnvt=Biratnagar Nepal
agx=Agatti Island India
voat=Agatti Island India
blr=Bangalore India
vobl=Bangalore India
bep=Bellary India
vobi=Bellary India
vobr=Bidar India
vga=Vijayawada India
vobz=Vijayawada India
cjb=Coimbatore India
vocb=Coimbatore India
cok=Kochi India
voci=Kochi India
ccj=Calicut India
vocl=Calicut India
cdp=Cuddapah India
vocp=Cuddapah India
vocx=Carnicobar India
vodg=Dundigul India
hyd=Hyderabad India
vohy=Hyderabad India
ixm=Madurai India
vomd=Madurai India
ixe=Mangalore India
voml=Mangalore India
maa=Madras India
vomm=Madras India
vons=Nagarjunsagar India
ixz=Port Blair India
vopb=Port Blair India
pny=Pendicherry India
vopc=Pendicherry India
rja=Rajahmundry India
vory=Rajahmundry India
vosm=Salem India
votj=Tanjore India
tir=Tirupeti India
votp=Tirupeti India
trz=Tiruchirappalli India
votr=Tiruchirappalli India
trv=Trivandrum India
votv=Trivandrum India
votx=Tambaram India
pbh=Thimphu Bhutan
vqpr=Thimphu Bhutan
mle=Male Maldives
vrmm=Male Maldives
dmk=Bangkok Thailand
vtbd=Bangkok Thailand
vtbk=Nakhon Pathom Thailand
vtbl=Lop Buri Thailand
nah=Naha Indonesia
wamh=Naha Indonesia
utp=Pattaya Thailand
vtbu=Pattaya Thailand
vtbw=Prachin Buri Thailand
lpt=Lampang Thailand
vtcl=Lampang Thailand
prh=Phrae Thailand
vtcp=Phrae Thailand
hhq=Prachuap Khiri Khan Thailand
vtph=Prachuap Khiri Khan Thailand
vtpi=Nakhon Sawan Thailand
vtpl=Phetchabun Thailand
vtpn=Nakhon Sawan Thailand
phs=Phitsanulok Thailand
vtpp=Phitsanulok Thailand
vtpy=Tak Thailand
vtsa=Satun Thailand
naw=Narathiwat Thailand
vtsc=Narathiwat Thailand
kbv=Krabi Thailand
vtsg=Krabi Thailand
vtsh=Songkhla Thailand
pan=Pattani Thailand
vtsk=Pattani Thailand
usm=Ko Samui Thailand
vtsm=Ko Samui Thailand
vtsn=Nakhon Si Thammarat Thailand
hkt=Phuket Thailand
vtsp=Phuket Thailand
vtsr=Ranong Thailand
hdy=Hat Yai Thailand
vtss=Hat Yai Thailand
tst=Trang Thailand
vtst=Trang Thailand
uth=Udon Thani Thailand
vtud=Udon Thani Thailand
sno=Sakon Nakhon Thailand
vtui=Sakon Nakhon Thailand
vtuj=Surin Thailand
loe=Loei Thailand
vtul=Loei Thailand
vtun=Nakhon Ratchasima Thailand
vtur=Roi Et Thailand
edas=Finsterwalde Germany
okb=Fraser Island Australia
kokb=Fraser Island Australia
dad=Danang Vietnam
vvdn=Danang Vietnam
vvgl=Hanoi Vietnam
vvkp=Kep Vietnam
han=Hanoi Vietnam
vvnb=Hanoi Vietnam
nha=Nhatrang Vietnam
vvnt=Nhatrang Vietnam
vvpb=Hue Vietnam
vvpq=Phuquoc Vietnam
sgn=Ho Chi Minh City Vietnam
vvts=Ho Chi Minh City Vietnam
vyan=Ann Burma
vyas=Anisakan Burma
vybg=Bagan Burma
bmq=Bamburi Kenya
kbmq=Bamburi Kenya
vyci=Coco Island Burma
heh=Heho Burma
vyhh=Heho Burma
vyhl=Hommalin Burma
ket=Kengtung Burma
vykg=Kengtung Burma
mwa=Marion United States
kmwa=Marion United States
kyp=Kyaukpyu Burma
vykp=Kyaukpyu Burma
lszt=Lommis Switzerland
lsh=Lashio Burma
vyls=Lashio Burma
vyly=Lanywa Burma
mdl=Mandalay Burma
vymd=Mandalay Burma
mgz=Myeik Burma
vyme=Myeik Burma
myt=Myitkyina Burma
vymk=Myitkyina Burma
vymo=Momeik Burma
mog=Mong Hsat Burma
vyms=Mong Hsat Burma
vynp=Nampong Burma
vyns=Namsang Burma
vypa=Hpa-an Burma
lspa=Amlikon Switzerland
pbu=Putao Burma
vypt=Putao Burma
vypy=Pyay Burma
vyst=Shante Burma
aky=Sittwe Burma
vysw=Sittwe Burma
snw=Thandwe Burma
vytd=Thandwe Burma
thl=Tachilek Burma
vytl=Tachilek Burma
vyto=Taungoo Burma
rgn=Yangon Burma
vyyy=Yangon Burma
upg=Ujung Pandang Indonesia
waaa=Ujung Pandang Indonesia
bik=Biak Indonesia
wabb=Biak Indonesia
nbx=Nabire Indonesia
wabi=Nabire Indonesia
tim=Timika Indonesia
wabp=Timika Indonesia
djj=Jayapura Indonesia
wajj=Jayapura Indonesia
wmx=Wamena Indonesia
wajw=Wamena Indonesia
mkq=Merauke Indonesia
wakk=Merauke Indonesia
gto=Gorontalo Indonesia
wamg=Gorontalo Indonesia
icn=Seoul South Korea
rksi=Seoul South Korea
plw=Palu Indonesia
waml=Palu Indonesia
mdc=Manado Indonesia
wamm=Manado Indonesia
psj=Poso Indonesia
wamp=Poso Indonesia
oti=Morotai Island Indonesia
wamr=Morotai Island Indonesia
tte=Ternate Indonesia
wamt=Ternate Indonesia
luw=Luwuk Indonesia
wamw=Luwuk Indonesia
amq=Ambon Indonesia
wapp=Ambon Indonesia
fkq=Fak Fak Indonesia
wasf=Fak Fak Indonesia
kng=Kaimana Indonesia
wask=Kaimana Indonesia
bxb=Babo Indonesia
waso=Babo Indonesia
mkw=Manokwari Indonesia
wasr=Manokwari Indonesia
soq=Sorong Indonesia
wass=Sorong Indonesia
btu=Bintulu Malaysia
wbgb=Bintulu Malaysia
kch=Kuching Malaysia
wbgg=Kuching Malaysia
lmn=Limbang Malaysia
wbgj=Limbang Malaysia
mur=Marudi Malaysia
wbgm=Marudi Malaysia
myy=Miri Malaysia
wbgr=Miri Malaysia
sbw=Sibu Malaysia
wbgs=Sibu Malaysia
ldu=Lahad Datu Malaysia
wbkd=Lahad Datu Malaysia
bki=Kota Kinabalu Malaysia
wbkk=Kota Kinabalu Malaysia
lbu=Labuan Malaysia
wbkl=Labuan Malaysia
twu=Tawau Malaysia
wbkw=Tawau Malaysia
bwn=Bandar Seri Begawan Brunei
wbsb=Bandar Seri Begawan Brunei
pku=Pekanbaru Indonesia
wibb=Pekanbaru Indonesia
dum=Dumai Indonesia
wibd=Dumai Indonesia
cgk=Jakarta Indonesia
wiii=Jakarta Indonesia
gns=Gunung Sitoli Indonesia
wimb=Gunung Sitoli Indonesia
wime=Padang Sidempuan Indonesia
pdg=Padang Indonesia
wipt=Padang Indonesia
mes=Medan Indonesia
wimm=Medan Indonesia
wims=Sibolga Indonesia
wiog=Nangapinoh Indonesia
ktg=Ketapang Indonesia
wiok=Ketapang Indonesia
pnk=Pontianak Indonesia
wioo=Pontianak Indonesia
ummb=Minsk Belarus
edwm=Hellwege Germany
djb=Jambi Indonesia
wipa=Jambi Indonesia
bks=Bengkulu Indonesia
wipl=Bengkulu Indonesia
plm=Palembang Indonesia
wipp=Palembang Indonesia
rgt=Rengat Indonesia
wipr=Rengat Indonesia
witl=Lhok Sukon Indonesia
bzy=Strymba Moldova
btj=Banda Aceh Indonesia
witt=Banda Aceh Indonesia
wmap=Kluang Malaysia
aor=Alor Setar Malaysia
wmka=Alor Setar Malaysia
wmkb=Butterworth Malaysia
kbr=Kota Bahru Malaysia
wmkc=Kota Bahru Malaysia
kua=Kuantan Malaysia
wmkd=Kuantan Malaysia
kte=Kerteh Malaysia
wmke=Kerteh Malaysia
wmkf=Simpang Malaysia
iph=Ipoh Malaysia
wmki=Ipoh Malaysia
jhb=Johor Bahru Malaysia
wmkj=Johor Bahru Malaysia
kul=Kuala Lumpur Malaysia
wmkk=Kuala Lumpur Malaysia
lgk=Pulau Malaysia
wmkl=Pulau Malaysia
mkz=Malacca Malaysia
wmkm=Malacca Malaysia
tgg=Kuala Terengganu Malaysia
wmkn=Kuala Terengganu Malaysia
pen=Penang Malaysia
wmkp=Penang Malaysia
wpdb=Suai East Timor
dil=Dili East Timor
wpdl=Dili East Timor
wpec=Baucau East Timor
wsag=Sembawang Singapore
qpg=Paya Lebar Singapore
wsap=Paya Lebar Singapore
wsat=Tengah Singapore
xsp=Singapore Singapore
wssl=Singapore Singapore
sin=Singapore Singapore
wsss=Singapore Singapore
ybaf=Brisbane Australia
abm=Amberley Australia
ybam=Amberley Australia
asp=Alice Springs Australia
ybas=Alice Springs Australia
bne=Brisbane Australia
ybbn=Brisbane Australia
ool=Coolangatta Australia
ybcg=Coolangatta Australia
cns=Cairns Australia
ybcs=Cairns Australia
ctl=Charlieville Australia
ybcv=Charlieville Australia
isa=Mount Isa Australia
ybma=Mount Isa Australia
mcy=Maroochydore Australia
ybmc=Maroochydore Australia
mky=Mackay Australia
ybmk=Mackay Australia
ppp=Prosserpine Australia
ybpn=Prosserpine Australia
rok=Rockhampton Australia
ybrk=Rockhampton Australia
tsv=Townsville Australia
ybtl=Townsville Australia
wei=Weipa Australia
ybwp=Weipa Australia
avv=Avalon Australia
ymav=Avalon Australia
abx=Albury Australia
ymay=Albury Australia
meb=Melbourne Australia
ymen=Melbourne Australia
ymes=East Sale Australia
hba=Hobart Australia
ymhb=Hobart Australia
lst=Launceston Australia
ymlt=Launceston Australia
mbw=Melbourne Australia
ymmb=Melbourne Australia
mel=Melbourne Australia
ymml=Melbourne Australia
ympc=Point Cook Australia
adl=Adelaide Australia
ypad=Adelaide Australia
yped=Edinburgh Australia
jad=Perth Australia
ypjt=Perth Australia
kta=Karratha Australia
ypka=Karratha Australia
kgi=Kalgoorlie Australia
ypkg=Kalgoorlie Australia
knx=Kununurra Australia
ypku=Kununurra Australia
lea=Learmonth Australia
yplm=Learmonth Australia
phe=Port Hedland Australia
yppd=Port Hedland Australia
yppf=Adelaide Australia
per=Perth Australia
ypph=Perth Australia
umr=Woomera Australia
ypwr=Woomera Australia
xch=Christmas Island Christmas Island
ypxm=Christmas Island Christmas Island
bwu=Sydney Australia
ysbk=Sydney Australia
cbr=Canberra Australia
yscb=Canberra Australia
cfs=Coff's Harbour Australia
ysch=Coff's Harbour Australia
cdu=Camden Australia
yscn=Camden Australia
dbo=Dubbo Australia
ysdu=Dubbo Australia
nlk=Norfolk Island Norfolk Island
ysnf=Norfolk Island Norfolk Island
rcm=Richmond Australia
ysri=Richmond Australia
syd=Sydney Australia
yssy=Sydney Australia
tmw=Tamworth Australia
ystw=Tamworth Australia
wga=Wagga Wagga Australia
yswg=Wagga Wagga Australia
pek=Beijing China
zbaa=Beijing China
hld=Hailar China
zbla=Hailar China
tsn=Tianjin China
zbtj=Tianjin China
tyn=Taiyuan China
zbyn=Taiyuan China
can=Guangzhou China
zggg=Guangzhou China
csx=Changcha China
zgha=Changcha China
kwl=Guilin China
zgkl=Guilin China
nng=Nanning China
zgnn=Nanning China
szx=Shenzhen China
zgsz=Shenzhen China
cgo=Zhengzhou China
zhcc=Zhengzhou China
wuh=Wuhan China
zhhh=Wuhan China
fnj=Pyongyang Korea
zkpy=Pyongyang Korea
zgc=Lanzhou China
zlll=Lanzhou China
xiy=Xi'an China
zlxy=Xi'an China
uln=Ulan Bator Mongolia
zmub=Ulan Bator Mongolia
zpjh=Jinghonggasa China
kmg=Kunming China
zppp=Kunming China
xmn=Xiamen China
zsam=Xiamen China
khn=Nanchang China
zscn=Nanchang China
foc=Fuzhou China
zsfz=Fuzhou China
hgh=Hangzhou China
zshc=Hangzhou China
ngb=Ninbo China
zsnb=Ninbo China
nkg=Nanjing China
zsnj=Nanjing China
hfe=Hefei China
zsof=Hefei China
tao=Qingdao China
zsqd=Qingdao China
sha=Shanghai China
zsss=Shanghai China
ynt=Yantai China
zsyt=Yantai China
ckg=Chongqing China
zuck=Chongqing China
kwe=Guiyang China
zugy=Guiyang China
ctu=Chengdu China
zuuu=Chengdu China
xic=Xichang China
zuxc=Xichang China
khg=Kashi China
zwsh=Kashi China
htn=Hotan China
zwtn=Hotan China
urc=Urumqi China
zwww=Urumqi China
hrb=Harbin China
zyhb=Harbin China
hoj=Hohenems Austria
loih=Hohenems Austria
zymd=Mudanjiang China
dlc=Dalian China
zytl=Dalian China
pvg=Shanghai China
zspd=Shanghai China
tod=Tioman Malaysia
wmbt=Tioman Malaysia
szb=Kuala Lumpur Malaysia
wmsa=Kuala Lumpur Malaysia
ntq=Wajima Japan
rjnw=Wajima Japan
hbe=Alexandria Egypt
heba=Alexandria Egypt
bti=Barter Island United States
paba=Barter Island United States
k03=Fort Wainwright United States
pawt=Fort Wainwright United States
lur=Cape Lisburne United States
palu=Cape Lisburne United States
piz=Point Lay United States
ppiz=Point Lay United States
ito=Hilo United States
phto=Hilo United States
orl=Orlando United States
korl=Orlando United States
btt=Bettles United States
pabt=Bettles United States
z84=Clear Mews United States
pacl=Clear Mews United States
uto=Indian Mountains United States
paim=Indian Mountains United States
fyu=Fort Yukon United States
pfyu=Fort Yukon United States
svw=Sparrevohn United States
pasv=Sparrevohn United States
frn=Fort Richardson United States
pafr=Fort Richardson United States
tlj=Tatalina United States
patl=Tatalina United States
czf=Cape Romanzof United States
pacz=Cape Romanzof United States
bed=Bedford United States
kbed=Bedford United States
snp=St. Paul Island United States
pasn=St. Paul Island United States
ehm=Cape Newenham United States
paeh=Cape Newenham United States
pbv=Point Barrow United States
papb=Point Barrow United States
ili=Iliamna United States
pail=Iliamna United States
ptu=Port Moller United States
papm=Port Moller United States
bmx=Big Mountain United States
pabm=Big Mountain United States
osc=Oscoda United States
kosc=Oscoda United States
oar=Fort Ord United States
koar=Fort Ord United States
mhr=Sacramento United States
kmhr=Sacramento United States
bys=Fort Irwin United States
kbys=Fort Irwin United States
nxp=Twenty Nine Palms United States
knxp=Twenty Nine Palms United States
fsm=Fort Smith United States
kfsm=Fort Smith United States
mri=Anchorage United States
pamr=Anchorage United States
gnt=Grants United States
kgnt=Grants United States
pnc=Ponca City United States
kpnc=Ponca City United States
svn=Hunter Aaf United States
ksvn=Hunter Aaf United States
gfk=Grand Forks United States
kgfk=Grand Forks United States
pbf=Pine Bluff United States
kpbf=Pine Bluff United States
nse=Milton United States
knse=Milton United States
hnm=Hana United States
phhn=Hana United States
prc=Prescott United States
kprc=Prescott United States
ttn=Trenton United States
kttn=Trenton United States
bos=Boston United States
kbos=Boston United States
suu=Fairfield United States
ksuu=Fairfield United States
rme=Rome United States
krme=Rome United States
env=Wendover United States
kenv=Wendover United States
bfm=Mobile United States
kbfm=Mobile United States
oak=Oakland United States
koak=Oakland United States
oma=Omaha United States
koma=Omaha United States
now=Port Angeles United States
know=Port Angeles United States
ogg=Kahului United States
phog=Kahului United States
ict=Wichita United States
kict=Wichita United States
mci=Kansas City United States
kmci=Kansas City United States
msn=Madison United States
kmsn=Madison United States
dlg=Dillingham United States
padl=Dillingham United States
hro=Harrison United States
khro=Harrison United States
phx=Phoenix United States
kphx=Phoenix United States
bgr=Bangor United States
kbgr=Bangor United States
fxe=Fort Lauderdale United States
kfxe=Fort Lauderdale United States
ggg=Longview United States
kggg=Longview United States
and=Andersen United States
kand=Andersen United States
geg=Spokane United States
kgeg=Spokane United States
hwo=Hollywood United States
khwo=Hollywood United States
sfo=San Francisco United States
ksfo=San Francisco United States
ctb=Cutbank United States
kctb=Cutbank United States
ara=Louisiana United States
kara=Louisiana United States
gnv=Gainesville United States
kgnv=Gainesville United States
mem=Memphis United States
kmem=Memphis United States
dug=Douglas United States
kdug=Douglas United States
big=Delta Junction United States
pabi=Delta Junction United States
cnw=Waco United States
kcnw=Waco United States
ann=Annette Island United States
pant=Annette Island United States
car=Caribou United States
kcar=Caribou United States
lrf=Jacksonville United States
klrf=Jacksonville United States
hua=Redstone United States
khua=Redstone United States
pob=Fort Bragg United States
kpob=Fort Bragg United States
dht=Dalhart United States
kdht=Dalhart United States
dlf=Del Rio United States
kdlf=Del Rio United States
lax=Los Angeles United States
klax=Los Angeles United States
anb=Anniston United States
kanb=Anniston United States
cle=Cleveland United States
kcle=Cleveland United States
dov=Dover United States
kdov=Dover United States
cvg=Cincinnati United States
kcvg=Cincinnati United States
fme=Fort Meade United States
kfme=Fort Meade United States
nid=China United States
knid=China United States
hon=Huron United States
khon=Huron United States
jnu=Juneau United States
pajn=Juneau United States
lft=Lafayette United States
klft=Lafayette United States
ewr=Newark United States
kewr=Newark United States
boi=Boise United States
kboi=Boise United States
ins=Indian Springs United States
kins=Indian Springs United States
gck=Garden City United States
kgck=Garden City United States
mot=Minot United States
kmot=Minot United States
hhi=Wahiawa United States
phhi=Wahiawa United States
mxf=Montgomery United States
kmxf=Montgomery United States
rbm=Robinson United States
krbm=Robinson United States
dal=Dallas United States
kdal=Dallas United States
fcs=Fort Carson United States
kfcs=Fort Carson United States
hln=Helena United States
khln=Helena United States
nkx=Miramar United States
knkx=Miramar United States
luf=Phoenix United States
kluf=Phoenix United States
hrt=Mary Esther United States
khrt=Mary Esther United States
hhr=Hawthorne United States
khhr=Hawthorne United States
hul=Houlton United States
khul=Houlton United States
end=Enid United States
kend=Enid United States
ntd=Point Mugu United States
kntd=Point Mugu United States
edw=Edwards Afb United States
kedw=Edwards Afb United States
lch=Lake Charles United States
klch=Lake Charles United States
koa=Kona United States
phko=Kona United States
myr=Myrtle Beach United States
kmyr=Myrtle Beach United States
nlc=Lemoore United States
knlc=Lemoore United States
ack=Nantucket United States
kack=Nantucket United States
faf=Fort Eustis United States
kfaf=Fort Eustis United States
hop=Hopkinsville United States
khop=Hopkinsville United States
dca=Washington United States
kdca=Washington United States
nhk=Patuxent River United States
knhk=Patuxent River United States
psx=Palacios United States
kpsx=Palacios United States
byh=Blytheville United States
kbyh=Blytheville United States
acy=Atlantic City United States
kacy=Atlantic City United States
tik=Oklahoma City United States
ktik=Oklahoma City United States
ecg=Elizabeth City United States
kecg=Elizabeth City United States
pub=Pueblo United States
kpub=Pueblo United States
pqi=Presque Isle United States
kpqi=Presque Isle United States
ikr=Kirtland A.f.b. United States
kikr=Kirtland A.f.b. United States
grf=Fort Lewis United States
kgrf=Fort Lewis United States
adq=Kodiak United States
padq=Kodiak United States
upp=Opolu United States
phup=Opolu United States
fll=Fort Lauderdale United States
kfll=Fort Lauderdale United States
mko=Muskogee United States
kmko=Muskogee United States
inl=International Falls United States
kinl=International Falls United States
slc=Salt Lake City United States
kslc=Salt Lake City United States
cds=Childress United States
kcds=Childress United States
bix=Biloxi United States
kbix=Biloxi United States
lsf=Fort Benning United States
klsf=Fort Benning United States
nqi=Kingsville United States
knqi=Kingsville United States
fri=Fort Riley United States
kfri=Fort Riley United States
mdt=Harrisburg United States
kmdt=Harrisburg United States
lnk=Lincoln United States
klnk=Lincoln United States
lan=Lansing United States
klan=Lansing United States
mue=Kamuela United States
phmu=Kamuela United States
mss=Massena United States
kmss=Massena United States
hky=Hickory United States
khky=Hickory United States
spg=St. Petersburg United States
kspg=St. Petersburg United States
fmy=Fort Myers United States
kfmy=Fort Myers United States
iah=Houston United States
kiah=Houston United States
mlt=Millinocket United States
kmlt=Millinocket United States
adw=Camp Springs United States
kadw=Camp Springs United States
int=Winston-salem United States
kint=Winston-salem United States
vcv=Victorville United States
kvcv=Victorville United States
cew=Crestview United States
kcew=Crestview United States
gtb=Fort Drum United States
kgtb=Fort Drum United States
phn=Port Huron United States
kphn=Port Huron United States
bfl=Bakersfield United States
kbfl=Bakersfield United States
elp=El Paso United States
kelp=El Paso United States
hrl=Harlingen United States
khrl=Harlingen United States
cae=Columbia United States
kcae=Columbia United States
dma=Tucson United States
kdma=Tucson United States
npa=Pensacola United States
knpa=Pensacola United States
pns=Pensacola United States
kpns=Pensacola United States
rdr=Red River United States
krdr=Red River United States
hou=Houston United States
khou=Houston United States
bkf=Buckley United States
kbkf=Buckley United States
ort=Northway United States
paor=Northway United States
paq=Palmer United States
paaq=Palmer United States
pit=Pittsburgh United States
kpit=Pittsburgh United States
brw=Barrow United States
pabr=Barrow United States
efd=Houston United States
kefd=Houston United States
nuw=Whidbey Island United States
knuw=Whidbey Island United States
ali=Alice United States
kali=Alice United States
vad=Valdosta United States
kvad=Valdosta United States
mia=Miami United States
kmia=Miami United States
sea=Seattle United States
ksea=Seattle United States
cha=Chattanooga United States
kcha=Chattanooga United States
bdr=Stratford United States
kbdr=Stratford United States
jan=Jackson United States
kjan=Jackson United States
gls=Galveston United States
kgls=Galveston United States
lgb=Long Beach United States
klgb=Long Beach United States
hdh=Dillingham United States
phdh=Dillingham United States
ipt=Williamsport United States
kipt=Williamsport United States
ind=Indianapolis United States
kind=Indianapolis United States
szl=Knobnoster United States
kszl=Knobnoster United States
akc=Akron United States
kakr=Akron United States
gwo=Greenwood United States
kgwo=Greenwood United States
hpn=White Plains United States
khpn=White Plains United States
fok=West Hampton Beach United States
kfok=West Hampton Beach United States
jbr=Jonesboro United States
kjbr=Jonesboro United States
tnx=Tonopah United States
ktnx=Tonopah United States
lna=West Palm Beach United States
klna=West Palm Beach United States
nzy=San Diego United States
knzy=San Diego United States
bif=El Paso United States
kbif=El Paso United States
yum=Yuma United States
kyum=Yuma United States
cnm=Carlsbad United States
kcnm=Carlsbad United States
dlh=Duluth United States
kdlh=Duluth United States
bet=Bethel United States
pabe=Bethel United States
lou=Louisville United States
klou=Louisville United States
fhu=Fort Huachuca United States
kfhu=Fort Huachuca United States
lih=Lihue United States
phli=Lihue United States
huf=Terre Haute United States
khuf=Terre Haute United States
hvr=Havre United States
khvr=Havre United States
mwh=Grant County Airport United States
kmwh=Grant County Airport United States
mpv=Montpelier United States
kmpv=Montpelier United States
knsi=San Nicolas Island United States
ric=Richmond United States
kric=Richmond United States
shv=Shreveport United States
kshv=Shreveport United States
cdv=Cordova United States
pacv=Cordova United States
orf=Norfolk United States
korf=Norfolk United States
bpt=Beaumont United States
kbpt=Beaumont United States
sav=Savannah United States
ksav=Savannah United States
hif=Ogden United States
khif=Ogden United States
ome=Nome United States
paom=Nome United States
spb=San Luis United States
kspb=San Luis United States
pie=St. Petersburg United States
kpie=St. Petersburg United States
mnm=Macon United States
kmnm=Macon United States
cxo=Conroe United States
kcxo=Conroe United States
scc=Deadhorse United States
pasc=Deadhorse United States
sat=San Antonio United States
ksat=San Antonio United States
roc=Rochester United States
kroc=Rochester United States
cof=Coco Beach United States
kcof=Coco Beach United States
teb=Teterboro United States
kteb=Teterboro United States
rca=Rapid City United States
krca=Rapid City United States
rdu=Raleigh-durham United States
krdu=Raleigh-durham United States
day=Dayton United States
kday=Dayton United States
ena=Kenai United States
paen=Kenai United States
mlc=Mcalester United States
kmlc=Mcalester United States
iag=Niagara Falls United States
kiag=Niagara Falls United States
cfd=Bryan United States
kcfd=Bryan United States
klhw=Wright United States
phf=Newport News United States
kphf=Newport News United States
esf=Alexandria United States
kesf=Alexandria United States
lts=Altus United States
klts=Altus United States
tus=Tucson United States
ktus=Tucson United States
mib=Minot United States
kmib=Minot United States
bab=Marysville United States
kbab=Marysville United States
ikk=Kankakee United States
kikk=Kankakee United States
gsb=Goldsboro United States
kgsb=Goldsboro United States
pvd=Providence United States
kpvd=Providence United States
sby=Salisbury United States
ksby=Salisbury United States
riu=Rancho Murieta United States
kriu=Rancho Murieta United States
bur=Burbank United States
kbur=Burbank United States
dtw=Detroit United States
kdtw=Detroit United States
tpa=Tampa United States
ktpa=Tampa United States
pmb=Pembina United States
kpmb=Pembina United States
poe=Fort Polk United States
kpoe=Fort Polk United States
eil=Fairbanks United States
paei=Fairbanks United States
hib=Hibbing United States
khib=Hibbing United States
lfk=Lufkin United States
klfk=Lufkin United States
maf=Midland United States
kmaf=Midland United States
grb=Green Bay United States
kgrb=Green Bay United States
adm=Ardmore United States
kadm=Ardmore United States
wri=Wrightstown United States
kwri=Wrightstown United States
nkt=Cherry Point United States
knkt=Cherry Point United States
sbo=Santa Barbara United States
ksbo=Santa Barbara United States
ags=Bush Field United States
kags=Bush Field United States
isn=Williston United States
kisn=Williston United States
lit=Little Rock United States
klit=Little Rock United States
swf=Newburgh United States
kswf=Newburgh United States
bde=Baudette United States
kbde=Baudette United States
sac=Sacramento United States
ksac=Sacramento United States
hom=Homer United States
paho=Homer United States
tbn=Fort Leonardwood United States
ktbn=Fort Leonardwood United States
mge=Marietta United States
kmge=Marietta United States
ska=Spokane United States
kska=Spokane United States
htl=Houghton Lake United States
khtl=Houghton Lake United States
pam=Panama City United States
kpam=Panama City United States
dfw=Dallas-Fort Worth United States
kdfw=Dallas-Fort Worth United States
mlb=Melbourne United States
kmlb=Melbourne United States
tcm=Tacoma United States
ktcm=Tacoma United States
aus=Austin United States
kaus=Austin United States
lck=Columbus United States
klck=Columbus United States
ksaw=Gwinn United States
tys=Knoxville United States
ktys=Knoxville United States
hlr=Fort Hood United States
khlr=Fort Hood United States
stl=St. Louis United States
kstl=St. Louis United States
miv=Millville United States
kmiv=Millville United States
sps=Wichita Falls United States
ksps=Wichita Falls United States
luk=Cincinnati United States
kluk=Cincinnati United States
atl=Atlanta United States
katl=Atlanta United States
mer=Merced United States
kmer=Merced United States
mcc=Sacramento United States
kmcc=Sacramento United States
grr=Grand Rapids United States
kgrr=Grand Rapids United States
ink=Wink United States
kink=Wink United States
fat=Fresno United States
kfat=Fresno United States
vrb=Vero Beach United States
kvrb=Vero Beach United States
ipl=Imperial United States
kipl=Imperial United States
bna=Nashville United States
kbna=Nashville United States
lrd=Laredo United States
klrd=Laredo United States
edf=Anchorage United States
paed=Anchorage United States
otz=Kotzebue United States
paot=Kotzebue United States
aoo=Altoona United States
kaoo=Altoona United States
dys=Abilene United States
kdys=Abilene United States
eld=El Dorado United States
keld=El Dorado United States
lga=New York United States
klga=New York United States
tlh=Tallahassee United States
ktlh=Tallahassee United States
dpa=West Chicago United States
kdpa=West Chicago United States
act=Waco United States
kact=Waco United States
aug=Augusta United States
kaug=Augusta United States
inj=Hillsboro United States
kinj=Hillsboro United States
nip=Jacksonville United States
knip=Jacksonville United States
mkl=Jackson United States
kmkl=Jackson United States
mkk=Molokai United States
phmk=Molokai United States
ftk=Fort Knox United States
kftk=Fort Knox United States
knca=Jacksonville United States
sjt=San Angelo United States
ksjt=San Angelo United States
cxl=Calexico United States
kcxl=Calexico United States
cic=Chico United States
kcic=Chico United States
btv=Burlington United States
kbtv=Burlington United States
jax=Jacksonville United States
kjax=Jacksonville United States
dro=Durango United States
kdro=Durango United States
iad=Washington United States
kiad=Washington United States
cll=College Station United States
kcll=College Station United States
sff=Spokane United States
ksff=Spokane United States
mke=Milwaukee United States
kmke=Milwaukee United States
abi=Abilene United States
kabi=Abilene United States
cou=Columbia United States
kcou=Columbia United States
pdx=Portland United States
kpdx=Portland United States
tnt=Miami United States
ktnt=Miami United States
pbi=West Palm Beach United States
kpbi=West Palm Beach United States
ftw=Fort Worth United States
kftw=Fort Worth United States
ogs=Ogdensburg United States
kogs=Ogdensburg United States
fmh=Falmouth United States
kfmh=Falmouth United States
bfi=Seattle United States
kbfi=Seattle United States
skf=San Antonio United States
kskf=San Antonio United States
hnl=Honolulu United States
phnl=Honolulu United States
dsm=Des Moines United States
kdsm=Des Moines United States
ewn=New Bern United States
kewn=New Bern United States
san=Jose, CA
ksan=San Diego United States
mlu=Monroe United States
kmlu=Monroe United States
ssc=Sumter United States
kssc=Sumter United States
ont=Ontario United States
kont=Ontario United States
gvt=Greenvile United States
kgvt=Greenvile United States
row=Roswell United States
krow=Roswell United States
det=Detroit United States
kdet=Detroit United States
bro=Brownsville United States
kbro=Brownsville United States
dhn=Dothan United States
kdhn=Dothan United States
wwd=Wildwood United States
kwwd=Wildwood United States
nfl=Fallon United States
knfl=Fallon United States
mtc=Mount Clemens United States
kmtc=Mount Clemens United States
fmn=Farmington United States
kfmn=Farmington United States
crp=Corpus Christi United States
kcrp=Corpus Christi United States
syr=Syracuse United States
ksyr=Syracuse United States
nqx=Key West United States
knqx=Key West United States
mdw=Chicago United States
kmdw=Chicago United States
sjc=San Jose United States
ksjc=San Jose United States
hob=Hobbs United States
khob=Hobbs United States
pne=Philadelphia United States
kpne=Philadelphia United States
den=Denver United States
kden=Denver United States
phl=Philadelphia United States
kphl=Philadelphia United States
sux=Sioux City United States
ksux=Sioux City United States
mcn=Macon United States
kmcn=Macon United States
tcs=Truth Or Consequences United States
ktcs=Truth Or Consequences United States
pmd=Palmdale United States
kpmd=Palmdale United States
rnd=San Antonio United States
krnd=San Antonio United States
njk=El Centro United States
knjk=El Centro United States
cmh=Columbus United States
kcmh=Columbus United States
fyv=Fayetteville United States
kfyv=Fayetteville United States
fsi=Fort Sill United States
kfsi=Fort Sill United States
pnm=Princeton United States
kpnm=Princeton United States
ffo=Dayton United States
kffo=Dayton United States
gal=Galena United States
paga=Galena United States
kchd=Chandler United States
mwl=Mineral Wells United States
kmwl=Mineral Wells United States
iab=Wichita United States
kiab=Wichita United States
nbg=New Orleans United States
knbg=New Orleans United States
bft=Beauford United States
knbc=Beaufort United States
txk=Texarkana United States
ktxk=Texarkana United States
pbg=Plattsburgh United States
kpbg=Plattsburgh United States
apg=Aberdeen United States
kapg=Aberdeen United States
tcc=Tucumcari United States
ktcc=Tucumcari United States
anc=Anchorage United States
panc=Anchorage United States
grk=Killeen United States
kgrk=Killeen United States
zun=Zuni Pueblo United States
kzun=Zuni Pueblo United States
bli=Bellingham United States
kbli=Bellingham United States
nqa=Millington United States
knqa=Millington United States
ekn=Elkins United States
kekn=Elkins United States
hfd=Hartford United States
khfd=Hartford United States
sfz=Smithfield United States
ksfz=Smithfield United States
mob=Mobile United States
kmob=Mobile United States
nuq=Mountain View United States
knuq=Mountain View United States
saf=Santa Fe United States
ksaf=Santa Fe United States
bkh=Barking Sands United States
phbk=Barking Sands United States
dri=Deridder United States
kdri=Deridder United States
bsf=Bradshaw Field United States
phsf=Bradshaw Field United States
ols=Nogales United States
kols=Nogales United States
mcf=Tampa United States
kmcf=Tampa United States
blv=Belleville United States
kblv=Belleville United States
opf=Miami United States
kopf=Miami United States
drt=Del Rio United States
kdrt=Del Rio United States
rsw=Fort Myers United States
krsw=Fort Myers United States
akn=King Salmon United States
pakn=King Salmon United States
mui=Muir United States
kmui=Muir United States
jhm=Lahania-kapalua United States
phjh=Lahania-kapalua United States
jfk=New York United States
kjfk=New York United States
hst=Homestead United States
khst=Homestead United States
ral=Riverside United States
kral=Riverside United States
flv=Fort Leavenworth United States
kflv=Fort Leavenworth United States
wal=Wallops Island United States
kwal=Wallops Island United States
hmn=Alamogordo United States
khmn=Alamogordo United States
nxx=Willow Grove United States
knxx=Willow Grove United States
cys=Cheyenne United States
kcys=Cheyenne United States
sck=Stockton United States
ksck=Stockton United States
chs=Charleston United States
kchs=Charleston United States
rno=Reno United States
krno=Reno United States
ktn=Ketchikan United States
pakt=Ketchikan United States
yip=Detroit United States
kyip=Detroit United States
vbg=Lompoc United States
kvbg=Lompoc United States
bhm=Birmingham United States
kbhm=Birmingham United States
nel=Lakehurst United States
knel=Lakehurst United States
sya=Shemya United States
pasy=Shemya United States
lsv=Las Vegas United States
klsv=Las Vegas United States
riv=Riverside United States
kriv=Riverside United States
mod=Modesto United States
kmod=Modesto United States
smf=Sacramento United States
ksmf=Sacramento United States
ugn=Chicago United States
kugn=Chicago United States
cos=Colorado Springs United States
kcos=Colorado Springs United States
buf=Buffalo United States
kbuf=Buffalo United States
sky=Sandusky United States
ksky=Sandusky United States
pae=Everett United States
kpae=Everett United States
muo=Mountain Home United States
kmuo=Mountain Home United States
cdc=Cedar City United States
kcdc=Cedar City United States
bdl=Windsor Locks United States
kbdl=Windsor Locks United States
mfe=Mcallen United States
kmfe=Mcallen United States
ngu=Norfolk United States
kngu=Norfolk United States
cef=Chicopee Falls United States
kcef=Chicopee Falls United States
lbb=Lubbock United States
klbb=Lubbock United States
ord=Chicago United States
kord=Chicago United States
bct=Boca Raton United States
kbct=Boca Raton United States
fai=Fairbanks United States
pafa=Fairbanks United States
nyg=Quantico United States
knyg=Quantico United States
cvs=Clovis United States
kcvs=Clovis United States
ngf=Kaneohe Bay United States
phng=Kaneohe Bay United States
off=Omaha United States
koff=Omaha United States
gkn=Gulkana United States
pagk=Gulkana United States
art=Watertown United States
kart=Watertown United States
psp=Palm Springs United States
kpsp=Palm Springs United States
ama=Amarillo United States
kama=Amarillo United States
fod=Fort Dodge United States
kfod=Fort Dodge United States
bad=Shreveport United States
kbad=Shreveport United States
foe=Topeka United States
kfoe=Topeka United States
cot=Cotulla United States
kcot=Cotulla United States
ilm=Wilmington United States
kilm=Wilmington United States
btr=Baton Rouge United States
kbtr=Baton Rouge United States
nmm=Meridian United States
knmm=Meridian United States
tyr=Tyler United States
ktyr=Tyler United States
bwi=Baltimore United States
kbwi=Baltimore United States
hbr=Hobart United States
khbr=Hobart United States
lny=Lanai United States
phny=Lanai United States
aex=Alexandria United States
kaex=Alexandria United States
wsd=White Sands United States
kwsd=White Sands United States
cdb=Cold Bay United States
pacd=Cold Bay United States
tul=Tulsa United States
ktul=Tulsa United States
sit=Sitka United States
pasi=Sitka United States
isp=Islip United States
kisp=Islip United States
msp=Minneapolis United States
kmsp=Minneapolis United States
ilg=Wilmington United States
kilg=Wilmington United States
dut=Unalaska United States
padu=Unalaska United States
msy=New Orleans United States
kmsy=New Orleans United States
pwm=Portland United States
kpwm=Portland United States
okc=Oklahoma City United States
kokc=Oklahoma City United States
alb=Albany United States
kalb=Albany United States
vdz=Valdez United States
pavd=Valdez United States
lfi=Hampton United States
klfi=Hampton United States
sna=Santa Ana United States
ksna=Santa Ana United States
cbm=Colombus United States
kcbm=Colombus United States
tmb=Jackson, TN, USA
ktmb=Kendall-tamiami United States
ntu=Oceana United States
kntu=Oceana United States
gus=Peru United States
kgus=Peru United States
cpr=Casper United States
kcpr=Casper United States
vps=Valparaiso United States
kvps=Valparaiso United States
sem=Selma United States
ksem=Selma United States
eyw=Key West United States
keyw=Key West United States
clt=Charlotte United States
kclt=Charlotte United States
las=Las Vegas United States
klas=Las Vegas United States
mco=Orlando United States
kmco=Orlando United States
flo=Florence United States
kflo=Florence United States
gtf=Great Falls United States
kgtf=Great Falls United States
yng=Youngstown United States
kyng=Youngstown United States
fbk=Fort Wainwright United States
pafb=Fort Wainwright United States
mmv=Mackminnville United States
kmmv=Mackminnville United States
wrb=Macon United States
kwrb=Macon United States
bkk=Bangkok Thailand
vtbs=Bangkok Thailand
wawm=Masamba Indonesia
waws=Soroako Indonesia
wawt=Makale Indonesia
kdi=Kendari Indonesia
waww=Kendari Indonesia
sbg=Sabang Indonesia
witb=Sabang Indonesia
wicm=Tasikmalaya Indonesia
wari=Madiun Indonesia
mlg=Malang Indonesia
wara=Malang Indonesia
wicb=Tangerang Indonesia
bdo=Bandung Indonesia
wicc=Bandung Indonesia
cbn=Cirebon Indonesia
wicd=Cirebon Indonesia
jog=Yogyakarta Indonesia
warj=Yogyakarta Indonesia
cxp=Cilacap Indonesia
wihl=Cilacap Indonesia
pcb=Jakarta Indonesia
wihp=Jakarta Indonesia
srg=Semarang Indonesia
wars=Semarang Indonesia
bth=Batam Indonesia
widd=Batam Indonesia
tjq=Tanjung Pandan Indonesia
wiod=Tanjung Pandan Indonesia
pgk=Pangkal Pinang Indonesia
wipk=Pangkal Pinang Indonesia
tnj=Tanjung Pinang Indonesia
widn=Tanjung Pinang Indonesia
siq=Singkep Indonesia
wids=Singkep Indonesia
bdj=Banjarmasin Indonesia
waoo=Banjarmasin Indonesia
waoc=Batu Licin Indonesia
pkn=Pangkalan Bun Indonesia
waoi=Pangkalan Bun Indonesia
pky=Palangkaraya Indonesia
waop=Palangkaraya Indonesia
mof=Maumere Indonesia
watc=Maumere Indonesia
ene=Ende Indonesia
wate=Ende Indonesia
rtg=Ruteng Indonesia
watg=Ruteng Indonesia
koe=Kupang Indonesia
watt=Kupang Indonesia
lbj=Labuhan Bajo Indonesia
wato=Labuhan Bajo Indonesia
bpn=Balikpapan Indonesia
wall=Balikpapan Indonesia
trk=Taraken Indonesia
walr=Taraken Indonesia
sri=Samarinda Indonesia
wals=Samarinda Indonesia
walt=Tanjung Santan Indonesia
ami=Mataram Indonesia
wada=Mataram Indonesia
bmu=Bima Indonesia
wadb=Bima Indonesia
loag=Krems Austria
wgp=Waingapu Indonesia
wadw=Waingapu Indonesia
sub=Surabaya Indonesia
warr=Surabaya Indonesia
soc=Solo City Indonesia
warq=Solo City Indonesia
cnx=Chiang Mai Thailand
vtcc=Chiang Mai Thailand
cei=Chiang Rai Thailand
vtct=Chiang Rai Thailand
nst=Nakhon Si Thammarat Thailand
vtsf=Nakhon Si Thammarat Thailand
dps=Denpasar Indonesia
wadd=Denpasar Indonesia
nak=Nakhon Ratchasima Thailand
vtuq=Nakhon Ratchasima Thailand
kop=Nakhon Phanom Thailand
vtuw=Nakhon Phanom Thailand
ubp=Ubon Ratchathani Thailand
vtuu=Ubon Ratchathani Thailand
kkc=Khon Kaen Thailand
vtuk=Khon Kaen Thailand
ths=Sukhothai Thailand
vtpo=Sukhothai Thailand
ath=Athens Greece
lgav=Athens Greece
ngo=Nagoya Japan
rjgg=Nagoya Japan
ukb=Kobe Japan
rjbe=Kobe Japan
puw=Pullman United States
kpuw=Pullman United States
lws=Lewiston United States
klws=Lewiston United States
elm=Elmira United States
kelm=Elmira United States
ith=Ithaca United States
kith=Ithaca United States
mry=Monterey United States
kmry=Monterey United States
sba=Santa Barbara United States
ksba=Santa Barbara United States
dab=Daytona Beach United States
kdab=Daytona Beach United States
lpx=Liepaja Latvia
evla=Liepaja Latvia
rix=Riga Latvia
evra=Riga Latvia
sqq=Siauliai Lithuania
eysa=Siauliai Lithuania
hlj=Barysiai Lithuania
eysb=Barysiai Lithuania
kun=Kaunas Lithuania
eyka=Kaunas Lithuania
eyks=Kaunas Lithuania
plq=Palanga Lithuania
eypa=Palanga Lithuania
vno=Vilnius Lithuania
eyvi=Vilnius Lithuania
pnv=Panevezys Lithuania
eypp=Panevezys Lithuania
udye=Yerevan Armenia
udls=Stepanavan Armenia
evn=Yerevan Armenia
udyz=Yerevan Armenia
lwn=Gyumri Armenia
udsg=Gyumri Armenia
asa=Assab Eritrea
hhsb=Assab Eritrea
asm=Asmara Eritrea
hhas=Asmara Eritrea
msw=Massawa Eritrea
hhms=Massawa Eritrea
gza=Gaza Palestine
lvgz=Gaza Palestine
riy=Mukalla Yemen
oyrn=Mukalla Yemen
bus=Batumi Georgia
ugsb=Batumi Georgia
kut=Kutaisi Georgia
ugko=Kutaisi Georgia
tbs=Tbilisi Georgia
ugtb=Tbilisi Georgia
tai=Taiz Yemen
oytz=Taiz Yemen
hod=Hodeidah Yemen
oyhd=Hodeidah Yemen
ade=Aden Yemen
oyaa=Aden Yemen
axk=Ataq Yemen
oyat=Ataq Yemen
aay=Al Ghaidah Intl Yemen
oygd=Al Ghaidah Intl Yemen
sah=Sanaa Yemen
oysn=Sanaa Yemen
fmm=Memmingen Germany
edja=Memmingen Germany
bhn=Beihan Yemen
oybn=Beihan Yemen
sct=Socotra Yemen
oysq=Socotra Yemen
oyba=Al Badie Yemen
nav=Nevsehir Turkey
ltaz=Nevsehir Turkey
eze=Buenos Aires Argentina
saez=Buenos Aires Argentina
ebl=Erbil Iraq
orer=Erbil Iraq
emd=Emerald Australia
yeml=Emerald Australia
lgat=Athens Greece
kix=Osaka Japan
rjbb=Osaka Japan
jrb=New York United States
kjrb=New York United States
tag=Tagbilaran Philippines
rpvt=Tagbilaran Philippines
jav=Ilulissat Greenland
bgjn=Ilulissat Greenland
jch=Qasigiannguit Greenland
bgch=Qasigiannguit Greenland
jeg=Aasiaat Greenland
bgem=Aasiaat Greenland
pmi=Palma de Mallorca Spain
lepa=Palma de Mallorca Spain
drw=Darwin Australia
ypdn=Darwin Australia
urt=Surat Thani Thailand
vtsb=Surat Thani Thailand
nyu=Nyuang U Burma
vybr=Nyuang U Burma
mph=Caticlan Philippines
rpxe=Caticlan Philippines
nsb=Bimini Bahamas
tka=Talkeetna United States
patk=Talkeetna United States
gzm=Gozo Malta
lmmg=Gozo Malta
hvn=New Haven United States
khvn=New Haven United States
avl=Asheville United States
kavl=Asheville United States
gso=Greensboro United States
kgso=Greensboro United States
fsd=Sioux Falls United States
kfsd=Sioux Falls United States
ayq=Uluru Australia
yaye=Uluru Australia
mht=Manchester NH United States
kmht=Manchester NH United States
apf=Naples United States
kapf=Naples United States
rdn=Redang Malaysia
wmpr=Redang Malaysia
sdf=Louisville United States
ksdf=Louisville United States
cho=Charlottesville VA United States
kcho=Charlottesville VA United States
roa=Roanoke VA United States
kroa=Roanoke VA United States
lex=Lexington KY United States
klex=Lexington KY United States
evv=Evansville United States
kevv=Evansville United States
abq=Albuquerque United States
kabq=Albuquerque United States
bzn=Bozeman United States
kbzn=Bozeman United States
bil=Billings United States
kbil=Billings United States
btm=Butte United States
kbtm=Butte United States
tvc=Traverse City United States
ktvc=Traverse City United States
frs=Flores Guatemala
mgtk=Flores Guatemala
bhb=Bar Harbor United States
kbhb=Bar Harbor United States
rkd=Rockland United States
krkd=Rockland United States
jac=Jacksn Hole United States
kjac=Jacksn Hole United States
rfd=Rockford United States
krfd=Rockford United States
dme=Moscow Russia
uudd=Moscow Russia
syx=Sanya China
zjsy=Sanya China
mfn=Milford Sound New Zealand
nzmf=Milford Sound New Zealand
tss=New York United States
none=New York United States
ljg=Lijiang China
zplj=Lijiang China
gsp=Greenville United States
kgsp=Greenville United States
qkl=Cologne Germany
zws=Stuttgart Germany
bmi=Bloomington United States
kbmi=Bloomington United States
gpt=Gulfport United States
kgpt=Gulfport United States
azo=Kalamazoo United States
kazo=Kalamazoo United States
tol=Toledo United States
ktol=Toledo United States
fwa=Fort Wayne United States
kfwa=Fort Wayne United States
dec=Decatur United States
kdec=Decatur United States
cid=Cedar Rapids United States
kcid=Cedar Rapids United States
lse=La Crosse United States
klse=La Crosse United States
cwa=Wassau United States
kcwa=Wassau United States
pia=Peoria United States
kpia=Peoria United States
atw=Appleton United States
katw=Appleton United States
rst=Rochester United States
krst=Rochester United States
cmi=Champaign United States
kcmi=Champaign United States
mhk=Manhattan United States
kmhk=Manhattan United States
kgc=Kingscote Australia
yksc=Kingscote Australia
hvb=Hervey Bay Australia
yhba=Hervey Bay Australia
bsl=Basel Switzerland
dlu=Dali China
zpdl=Dali China
jhg=Jinghong China
mzv=Mulu Malaysia
ssh=Sharm El Sheikh Egypt
hesh=Sharm El Sheikh Egypt
fkl=Franklin United States
kfkl=Franklin United States
nbo=Nairobi Kenya
hkjk=Nairobi Kenya
seu=Seronera Tanzania
htsn=Seronera Tanzania
fte=El Calafate Argentina
sawc=El Calafate Argentina
arm=Armidale Australia
yarm=Armidale Australia
gjt=Grand Junction United States
kgjt=Grand Junction United States
sgu=Saint George United States
ksgu=Saint George United States
dwh=Houston United States
kdwh=Houston United States
s46=Port O\\'Connor United States
xs46=Port O\\'Connor United States
srq=Sarasota United States
ksrq=Sarasota United States
vny=Van Nuys United States
kvny=Van Nuys United States
bda=Bermuda Bermuda
txkf=Bermuda Bermuda
x21=Titusville United States
mli=Moline United States
kmli=Moline United States
pfn=Panama City United States
kpfn=Panama City United States
hir=Honiara Solomon Islands
aggh=Honiara Solomon Islands
ppt=Papeete French Polynesia
ntaa=Papeete French Polynesia
inu=Nauru Nauru
anyn=Nauru Nauru
fun=Funafuti Tuvalu
ngfu=Funafuti Tuvalu
ovb=Novosibirsk Russia
unnt=Novosibirsk Russia
dws=Orlando United States
ekss=Samsoe Denmark
xkh=Phon Savan Laos
vlxk=Phon Savan Laos
hui=Hue Vietnam
bis=Bismarck United States
kbis=Bismarck United States
tex=Telluride United States
ktex=Telluride United States
inc=Yinchuan China
zlic=Yinchuan China
hgn=Mae Hong Son Thailand
vtch=Mae Hong Son Thailand
rap=Rapid City United States
krap=Rapid City United States
cld=Carlsbad United States
kcrq=Carlsbad United States
fnt=Flint United States
kfnt=Flint United States
dvo=Davao Philippines
rpmd=Davao Philippines
fnc=Funchal Portugal
lpma=Funchal Portugal
stm=Santarem Brazil
sbsn=Santarem Brazil
kos=Sihanoukville Cambodia
vdsv=Sihanoukville Cambodia
yoa=Ekati Canada
cyoa=Ekati Canada
npe=NAPIER New Zealand
nznr=NAPIER New Zealand
lev=Levuka Fiji
nfnb=Levuka Fiji
lxa=Lhasa China
zuls=Lhasa China
rdd=Redding United States
krdd=Redding United States
eug=Eugene United States
keug=Eugene United States
ida=Idaho Falls United States
kida=Idaho Falls United States
mfr=Medford United States
kmfr=Medford United States
kbz=Kaikoura New Zealand
nzki=Kaikoura New Zealand
rdm=Redmond-Bend United States
krdm=Redmond-Bend United States
pcn=Picton New Zealand
nzpn=Picton New Zealand
wdh=Windhoek Namibia
fywv=Windhoek Namibia
ywh=Victoria Canada
cywh=Victoria Canada
cxh=Vancouver Canada
caq3=Vancouver Canada
tna=Jinan China
zsjn=Jinan China
czx=Changzhou China
zscg=Changzhou China
ybp=Yibin China
zuyb=Yibin China
tjm=Tyumen Russia
ustr=Tyumen Russia
cak=Akron United States
kcak=Akron United States
hsv=Huntsville United States
khsv=Huntsville United States
pkb=PARKERSBURG United States
kpkb=PARKERSBURG United States
mgm=MONTGOMERY United States
kmgm=MONTGOMERY United States
tri=BRISTOL United States
ktri=BRISTOL United States
pah=PADUCAH United States
kpah=PADUCAH United States
kuf=Samara Russia
jib=Djibouti Djibouti
hdam=Djibouti Djibouti
hak=Haikou China
zjhk=Haikou China
mfa=Mafia Island Tanzania
htma=Mafia Island Tanzania
fca=Kalispell United States
kfca=Kalispell United States
pga=Page United States
kpga=Page United States
uii=Utila Honduras
mhut=Utila Honduras
snv=Santa Elena de Uairen Venezuela
mbs=Saginaw United States
kmbs=Saginaw United States
bgm=Binghamton United States
kbgm=Binghamton United States
bgw=Baghdad Iraq
orbi=Baghdad Iraq
nnt=Nan Thailand
vtcn=Nan Thailand
roi=Roi Et Thailand
vtuv=Roi Et Thailand
bfv=Buri Ram Thailand
vtuo=Buri Ram Thailand
unn=Ranong Thailand
tdx=Trat Thailand
vtbo=Trat Thailand
blh=Blythe United States
kblh=Blythe United States
oraa=Al Asad Iraq
orat=Al Taqaddum Iraq
orbd=Al Bakr Iraq
crk=Angeles City Philippines
rplc=Angeles City Philippines
sdk=Sandakan Malaysia
wbks=Sandakan Malaysia
lxg=Luang Namtha Laos
vlln=Luang Namtha Laos
ody=Muang Xay Laos
vlos=Muang Xay Laos
she=Shenyang China
zytx=Shenyang China
doy=Dongying China
zsdy=Dongying China
mni=Geralds Montserrat
trpg=Geralds Montserrat
psg=Petersburg United States
papg=Petersburg United States
lya=Luoyang China
zhly=Luoyang China
xuz=Xuzhou China
zsxz=Xuzhou China
ifn=Isfahan Iran
mwq=Magwe Burma
vymw=Magwe Burma
khm=Khamti Burma
vyki=Khamti Burma
dli=Dalat Vietnam
vvdl=Dalat Vietnam
vdh=Dong Hoi Vietnam
vkg=Rach Gia Vietnam
vvrg=Rach Gia Vietnam
cah=Ca Mau Vietnam
vvcm=Ca Mau Vietnam
vcl=Chu Lai Vietnam
vvca=Chu Lai Vietnam
tbb=Tuy Hoa Vietnam
vvth=Tuy Hoa Vietnam
pyy=Pai Thailand
vtci=Pai Thailand
bwk=Brac Croatia
ldsb=Brac Croatia
nsi=Yaounde Cameroon
fkys=Yaounde Cameroon
cky=Conakry Guinea
gucy=Conakry Guinea
aah=Aachen Germany
edka=Aachen Germany
fkb=Karlsruhe/Baden-Baden Germany
edsb=Karlsruhe/Baden-Baden Germany
sfb=Sanford United States
ksfb=Sanford United States
pqc=Phu Quoc Vietnam
jst=Johnstown United States
kjst=Johnstown United States
lua=Lukla Nepal
vnlk=Lukla Nepal
bhp=Bhojpur Nepal
vnbj=Bhojpur Nepal
ldn=Lamidanda Nepal
vnld=Lamidanda Nepal
jmo=Jomsom Nepal
vnjs=Jomsom Nepal
ngx=Manang Nepal
vnma=Manang Nepal
ppl=Phaplu Nepal
vnpl=Phaplu Nepal
tmk=Thamkharka Nepal
rum=Rumjatar Nepal
vnrt=Rumjatar Nepal
dnp=Dang Nepal
vndg=Dang Nepal
ruk=Rukumkot Nepal
vnrk=Rukumkot Nepal
jum=Jumla Nepal
vnjl=Jumla Nepal
hrj=Chaurjhari Nepal
vncj=Chaurjhari Nepal
tpj=Taplejung Nepal
vntj=Taplejung Nepal
tmi=Tumling Tar Nepal
vntr=Tumling Tar Nepal
skh=Surkhet Nepal
vnsk=Surkhet Nepal
imk=Simikot Nepal
vnst=Simikot Nepal
dop=Dolpa Nepal
vndp=Dolpa Nepal
bjh=Bajhang Nepal
vnbg=Bajhang Nepal
dhi=Dhangarhi Nepal
vndh=Dhangarhi Nepal
mwx=Muan South Korea
rkjb=Muan South Korea
jty=Astypalaia Greece
lgpl=Astypalaia Greece
jik=Ikaria Greece
lgik=Ikaria Greece
jkl=Kalymnos Greece
lgky=Kalymnos Greece
mlo=Milos Greece
lgml=Milos Greece
jnx=Cyclades Islands Greece
lgnx=Cyclades Islands Greece
pas=Paros Greece
lgpa=Paros Greece
kzs=Kastelorizo Greece
lgkj=Kastelorizo Greece
rmf=Marsa Alam Egypt
hema=Marsa Alam Egypt
nrn=Weeze Germany
edlv=Weeze Germany
usu=Busuanga Philippines
rpvv=Busuanga Philippines
bxu=Butuan Philippines
rpme=Butuan Philippines
dpl=Dipolog Philippines
rpmg=Dipolog Philippines
lao=Laoag Philippines
rpli=Laoag Philippines
lgp=Legazpi Philippines
rplp=Legazpi Philippines
ozc=Ozamis Philippines
rpmo=Ozamis Philippines
zqw=Zweibruecken Germany
ceb=Cebu Philippines
noe=Norden Germany
edws=Norden Germany
jui=Juist Germany
edwj=Juist Germany
bps=Porto Seguro Brazil
sbps=Porto Seguro Brazil
gda=Gounda Central African Republic
snig=Iguatu Brazil
pmw=Palmas Brazil
sbpj=Palmas Brazil
clv=Caldas Novas Brazil
sbcn=Caldas Novas Brazil
mso=Missoula United States
kmso=Missoula United States
bkq=Blackall Australia
ybck=Blackall Australia
bdb=Bundaberg Australia
ybud=Bundaberg Australia
gcn=Grand Canyon United States
kgcn=Grand Canyon United States
sgr=Sugar Land United States
ksgr=Sugar Land United States
his=Hayman Island Australia
yhyn=Hayman Island Australia
apa=Denver United States
kapa=Denver United States
cvn=Clovis United States
kcvn=Clovis United States
fst=Fort Stockton United States
kfst=Fort Stockton United States
lvs=Las Vegas United States
klvs=Las Vegas United States
iws=Houston United States
kiws=Houston United States
lhx=La Junta United States
klhx=La Junta United States
lru=Las Cruces United States
klru=Las Cruces United States
bkd=Breckenridge United States
kbkd=Breckenridge United States
tpl=Temple United States
ktpl=Temple United States
oza=Ozona United States
koza=Ozona United States
vhxx=Hong Kong Hong Kong
hew=Athens Greece
wkl=Waikoloa Village United States
hi07=Waikoloa Village United States
kdm=Kaadedhdhoo Maldives
lak=Aklavik Canada
cykd=Aklavik Canada
ywj=Deline Canada
cywj=Deline Canada
zfn=Tulita Canada
czfn=Tulita Canada
ygh=Fort Good Hope Canada
cygh=Fort Good Hope Canada
tah=Tanna Vanuatu
ypc=Paulatuk Canada
cypc=Paulatuk Canada
yucx=Nicholson Peninsula Canada
srz=Santa Cruz Bolivia
kus=Kulusuk Greenland
sab=Saba Netherlands Antilles
tncs=Saba Netherlands Antilles
ege=Vail United States
kege=Vail United States
skn=Stokmarknes Norway
ensk=Stokmarknes Norway
cgf=Richmond Heights United States
kcgf=Richmond Heights United States
mfd=Mansfield United States
kmfd=Mansfield United States
csg=Columbus United States
kcsg=Columbus United States
law=Lawton United States
klaw=Lawton United States
fnl=Fort Collins United States
kfnl=Fort Collins United States
flg=Flagstaff United States
kflg=Flagstaff United States
tvl=South Lake Tahoe United States
ktvl=South Lake Tahoe United States
twf=Twin Falls United States
ktwf=Twin Falls United States
mcm=Monaco Monaco
mvy=Vineyard Haven MA United States
kmvy=Vineyard Haven MA United States
uuu=Newport RI United States
vsf=Springfield VT United States
con=Concord NH United States
sfm=Sanford ME United States
gon=Groton CT United States
kgon=Groton CT United States
stc=Saint Cloud United States
kstc=Saint Cloud United States
bpe=Bagan Burma
gtr=Columbus Mississippi United States
kgtr=Columbus Mississippi United States
goj=Nizhniy Novgorod Russia
uwgg=Nizhniy Novgorod Russia
hqm=Hoquiam United States
eri=Erie United States
keri=Erie United States
hya=Barnstable United States
khya=Barnstable United States
spr=San Pedro Belize
mz10=San Pedro Belize
sdx=Sedona United States
ksez=Sedona United States
mgw=Morgantown United States
kmgw=Morgantown United States
crw=Charleston United States
kcrw=Charleston United States
avp=Scranton United States
kavp=Scranton United States
bji=Bemidji United States
kbji=Bemidji United States
bak=Baku Azerbaijan
thg=Biloela Australia
ytng=Biloela Australia
fgi=Apia Samoa
nsfi=Apia Samoa
bnk=Ballina Byron Bay Australia
ybna=Ballina Byron Bay Australia
far=Fargo United States
kfar=Fargo United States
mkc=Kansas City United States
kmkc=Kansas City United States
aza=Mesa United States
kiwa=Mesa United States
rbe=Ratanakiri Cambodia
gcc=Gillette United States
kgcc=Gillette United States
tof=Tomsk Russia
untt=Tomsk Russia
nzj=Santa Ana United States
knzj=Santa Ana United States
phy=Phetchabun Thailand
vtpb=Phetchabun Thailand
cjm=Chumphon Thailand
vtse=Chumphon Thailand
jzh=Jiuzhaigou China
zujz=Jiuzhaigou China
swa=Shantou China
zgow=Shantou China
lffe=Enghien-moisselles France
geo=Georgetown Guyana
sycj=Georgetown Guyana
agt=Ciudad del Este Paraguay
sges=Ciudad del Este Paraguay
ogl=Georgetown Guyana
sygo=Georgetown Guyana
kai=Kaieteur Guyana
syka=Kaieteur Guyana
dnh=Dunhuang China
zldh=Dunhuang China
aoi=Ancona Italy
lipy=Ancona Italy
zz04=Samjiyon South Korea
eca=East Tawas United States
k6d9=East Tawas United States
cpo=Copiapo Chile
scha=Copiapo Chile
tcp=Taba Egypt
hetb=Taba Egypt
lyb=Little Cayman Cayman Islands
mwcl=Little Cayman Cayman Islands
bjv=Bodrum Turkey
ltfe=Bodrum Turkey
tbj=Tabarka Tunisia
dtka=Tabarka Tunisia
saw=Istanbul Turkey
ltfj=Istanbul Turkey
sce=State College Pennsylvania United States
kunv=State College Pennsylvania United States
bme=Broome Australia
ypbr=Broome Australia
ntl=Newcastle Australia
ywlm=Newcastle Australia
biba=Bakki Iceland
klu=Klagenfurt Austria
lowk=Klagenfurt Austria
cgu=Ciudad Guayana Venezuela
hft=Hammerfest Norway
enhf=Hammerfest Norway
hvg=Honningsvag Norway
enhv=Honningsvag Norway
meh=Mehamn Norway
enmr=Mehamn Norway
vds=Vadso Norway
envd=Vadso Norway
mucx=Munich Germany
ika=Tehran Iran
mhd=Mashhad Iran
oimm=Mashhad Iran
qef=Egelsbach Germany
uik=Ust Ilimsk Russia
uibs=Ust Ilimsk Russia
mdg=Mudanjiang China
mei=Meridian United States
kmei=Meridian United States
spi=Springfield United States
kspi=Springfield United States
hkv=Haskovo Bulgaria
lb14=Haskovo Bulgaria
cez=Cortez United States
kcez=Cortez United States
hdn=Hayden United States
khdn=Hayden United States
gup=Gallup United States
kgup=Gallup United States
lbl=Liberal United States
klbl=Liberal United States
laa=Lamar United States
klaa=Lamar United States
gld=Goodland United States
kgld=Goodland United States
cod=Cody United States
kcod=Cody United States
hov=Orsta-Volda Norway
enov=Orsta-Volda Norway
egyr=WATTON United Kingdom
isc=ST MARY\\'S United Kingdom
sgf=Springfield United States
ksgf=Springfield United States
nvk=Narvik Norway
ennk=Narvik Norway
bvg=Berlevag Norway
enbv=Berlevag Norway
fbu=Oslo Norway
enfb=Oslo Norway
nsk=Norilsk Russia
uooo=Norilsk Russia
aaq=Anapa Russia
urka=Anapa Russia
jln=Joplin United States
kjln=Joplin United States
abe=Allentown United States
kabe=Allentown United States
xna=Bentonville United States
kxna=Bentonville United States
guw=Atyrau Kazakhstan
uatg=Atyrau Kazakhstan
kzo=Kzyl-Orda Kazakhstan
uaoo=Kzyl-Orda Kazakhstan
sbn=South Bend United States
ksbn=South Bend United States
bka=Moscow Russia
uubb=Moscow Russia
fwcc=Chintheche Malawi
arh=Arkhangelsk Russia
ulaa=Arkhangelsk Russia
rtw=Saratov Russia
uwss=Saratov Russia
nux=Novy Urengoy Russia
usmu=Novy Urengoy Russia
noj=Noyabrsk Russia
usro=Noyabrsk Russia
zwu=Washington United States
sco=Aktau Kazakhstan
uct=Ukhta Russia
usk=Usinsk Russia
pex=Pechora Russia
nnm=Naryan-Mar Russia
ulam=Naryan-Mar Russia
pkv=Pskov Russia
uloo=Pskov Russia
kgp=Kogalym Russia
usrk=Kogalym Russia
kja=Krasnoyarsk Russia
unkl=Krasnoyarsk Russia
kgf=Karaganda Kazakhstan
uakk=Karaganda Kazakhstan
uncc=Novosibirsk Russia
urj=Uraj Russia
ushu=Uraj Russia
crz=Turkmenabat Turkmenistan
iwa=Ivanovo Russia
uubi=Ivanovo Russia
cgq=Changchun China
zycc=Changchun China
kij=Niigata Japan
rjsn=Niigata Japan
jon=Johnston Island Johnston Atoll
pjon=Johnston Island Johnston Atoll
smd=Fort Wayne IN United States
ksmd=Fort Wayne IN United States
acv=Arcata CA United States
kacv=Arcata CA United States
att=Austin TX United States
katt=Austin TX United States
oaj=Jacksonville NC United States
koaj=Jacksonville NC United States
tcl=Tuscaloosa AL United States
ktcl=Tuscaloosa AL United States
dbq=Dubuque IA United States
kdbq=Dubuque IA United States
fde=Forde Norway
vhst=Hong Kong Hong Kong
pyj=Yakutia Russia
uerp=Yakutia Russia
naj=Nakhchivan Azerbaijan
ubbn=Nakhchivan Azerbaijan
kvd=Ganja Azerbaijan
ubbg=Ganja Azerbaijan
ukk=Ust Kamenogorsk Kazakhstan
uask=Ust Kamenogorsk Kazakhstan
ppk=Petropavlosk Kazakhstan
uacp=Petropavlosk Kazakhstan
gbj=Grand Bourg Guadeloupe
tffm=Grand Bourg Guadeloupe
sfc=St-François Guadeloupe
tffc=St-François Guadeloupe
bbq=Codrington Antigua and Barbuda
taph=Codrington Antigua and Barbuda
jpr=Ji-Paraná Brazil
swji=Ji-Paraná Brazil
myc=Maracay Venezuela
svbs=Maracay Venezuela
nza=Nazca Peru
spza=Nazca Peru
cja=Cajamarca Peru
spjr=Cajamarca Peru
gta=Gatokae Solomon Islands
bxx=Boorama Somalia
mvs=Mucuri Brazil
snmu=Mucuri Brazil
org=Paramaribo Suriname
smzo=Paramaribo Suriname
rey=Reyes Bolivia
slry=Reyes Bolivia
pur=Puerto Rico/Manuripi Bolivia
slpr=Puerto Rico/Manuripi Bolivia
eyp=Yopal Colombia
skyp=Yopal Colombia
esm=Esmeraldas Ecuador
setn=Esmeraldas Ecuador
zpc=Pucon Chile
scpc=Pucon Chile
tow=Toledo Brazil
sbtd=Toledo Brazil
ria=Santa Maria Brazil
sbsm=Santa Maria Brazil
lec=Lençóis Brazil
sble=Lençóis Brazil
gul=Goulburn Australia
yglb=Goulburn Australia
jdo=Juazeiro Do Norte Brazil
sbju=Juazeiro Do Norte Brazil
sst=Santa Teresita Argentina
sazl=Santa Teresita Argentina
ggs=Gobernador Gregores Argentina
sawr=Gobernador Gregores Argentina
oes=San Antonio Oeste Argentina
savn=San Antonio Oeste Argentina
lhs=Las Heras Argentina
savh=Las Heras Argentina
ttg=Tartagal Argentina
sast=Tartagal Argentina
mbt=Masbate Philippines
rpvj=Masbate Philippines
crm=Catarman Philippines
rpvf=Catarman Philippines
jol=Jolo Philippines
rpmj=Jolo Philippines
cgm=Camiguin Philippines
rpmh=Camiguin Philippines
cyu=Cuyo Philippines
rplo=Cuyo Philippines
cjj=Chongju South Korea
rktu=Chongju South Korea
hin=Sacheon South Korea
rkps=Sacheon South Korea
wju=Wonju South Korea
rknw=Wonju South Korea
mpk=Mokpo South Korea
rkjm=Mokpo South Korea
kuv=Kunsan South Korea
rkjk=Kunsan South Korea
mye=Miyakejima Japan
rjtq=Miyakejima Japan
syo=Shonai Japan
rjsy=Shonai Japan
onj=Odate Noshiro Japan
rjsr=Odate Noshiro Japan
fks=Fukushima Japan
rjsf=Fukushima Japan
iwj=Iwami Japan
rjow=Iwami Japan
nkm=Nagoya Japan
rjna=Nagoya Japan
hsg=Saga Japan
rjfs=Saga Japan
okd=Sapporo Japan
rjco=Sapporo Japan
kuh=Kushiro Japan
rjck=Kushiro Japan
mfk=Matsu Islands Taiwan
rcmt=Matsu Islands Taiwan
hcn=Hengchun Taiwan
rckw=Hengchun Taiwan
lzn=Matsu Islands Taiwan
rcfg=Matsu Islands Taiwan
ent=Eniwetok Atoll Marshall Islands
pkma=Eniwetok Atoll Marshall Islands
lup=Molokai United States
phlu=Molokai United States
eni=El Nido Philippines
wpm=Wipim Papua New Guinea
vmu=Baimuru Papua New Guinea
uku=Nuku Papua New Guinea
tfi=Tufi Papua New Guinea
skc=Suki Papua New Guinea
opu=Balimo Papua New Guinea
obx=Obo Papua New Guinea
lsa=Losuia Papua New Guinea
lnv=Londolovit Papua New Guinea
lmy=Lake Murray Papua New Guinea
kuy=Kamusi Papua New Guinea
kkd=Kokoda Papua New Guinea
kdr=Kandrian Papua New Guinea
jaq=Jacquinot Bay Papua New Guinea
iis=Nissan Island Papua New Guinea
ihu=Ihu Papua New Guinea
gmi=Gasmata Island Papua New Guinea
atp=Aitape Papua New Guinea
wrg=Wrangell United States
pawg=Wrangell United States
vak=Chevak United States
pava=Chevak United States
ani=Aniak United States
pani=Aniak United States
mou=Mountain Village United States
pamo=Mountain Village United States
mcg=Mcgrath United States
pamc=Mcgrath United States
klg=Kalskag United States
palg=Kalskag United States
hns=Haines United States
pahn=Haines United States
hcr=Holy Cross United States
pahc=Holy Cross United States
sgy=Skagway United States
pagy=Skagway United States
gst=Gustavus United States
pags=Gustavus United States
adk=Adak Island United States
padk=Adak Island United States
sax=Boca de Sábalo Panama
otd=Contadora Island Panama
ele=El Real Panama
bfq=Bahia Piña Panama
gxf=Sayun Intl Yemen
oysy=Sayun Intl Yemen
kac=Kamishly Syria
oskl=Kamishly Syria
isu=Sulaymaniyah Iraq
orsu=Sulaymaniyah Iraq
tuk=Turbat Pakistan
optu=Turbat Pakistan
syw=Sehwan Sharif Pakistan
opsn=Sehwan Sharif Pakistan
kdu=Skardu Pakistan
opsd=Skardu Pakistan
paj=Parachinar Pakistan
oppc=Parachinar Pakistan
orw=Ormara Raik Pakistan
opor=Ormara Raik Pakistan
kdd=Khuzdar Pakistan
opkh=Khuzdar Pakistan
hdd=Hyderabad Pakistan
opkd=Hyderabad Pakistan
jiw=Jiwani Pakistan
opji=Jiwani Pakistan
dsk=Dera Ismael Khan Pakistan
opdi=Dera Ismael Khan Pakistan
dea=Dera Ghazi Khan Pakistan
opdg=Dera Ghazi Khan Pakistan
dba=Dalbandin Pakistan
opdb=Dalbandin Pakistan
cjl=Chitral Pakistan
opch=Chitral Pakistan
bhv=Bahawalpur Pakistan
opbw=Bahawalpur Pakistan
bnp=Bannu Pakistan
opbn=Bannu Pakistan
aan=Al Ain United Arab Emirates
omal=Al Ain United Arab Emirates
omh=Uromiyeh Iran
oitr=Uromiyeh Iran
adu=Ardabil Iran
oitl=Ardabil Iran
lrr=Lar Iran
oisl=Lar Iran
sry=Dasht-e-naz Iran
oinz=Dasht-e-naz Iran
nsh=Noshahr Iran
oinn=Noshahr Iran
afz=Sabzevar Iran
oims=Sabzevar Iran
bjb=Bojnourd Iran
oimn=Bojnourd Iran
rjn=Rafsanjan Iran
oikr=Rafsanjan Iran
bxr=Bam Iran
oikm=Bam Iran
khd=Khorram Abad Iran
oick=Khorram Abad Iran
ewd=Wadi-al-dawasir Saudi Arabia
oewd=Wadi-al-dawasir Saudi Arabia
ajf=Al-Jawf Saudi Arabia
oesk=Al-Jawf Saudi Arabia
dwd=Dawadmi Saudi Arabia
oedw=Dawadmi Saudi Arabia
xau=Saul French Guiana
soos=Saul French Guiana
fbd=Faizabad Afghanistan
oafz=Faizabad Afghanistan
ilp=Île des Pins New Caledonia
nwwe=Île des Pins New Caledonia
bmy=Waala New Caledonia
nwwc=Waala New Caledonia
tgj=Tiga New Caledonia
nwwa=Tiga New Caledonia
ipa=Ipota Vanuatu
nvvi=Ipota Vanuatu
fta=Futuna Island Vanuatu
nvvf=Futuna Island Vanuatu
dly=Dillon's Bay Vanuatu
nvvd=Dillon's Bay Vanuatu
awd=Aniwa Vanuatu
nvvb=Aniwa Vanuatu
auy=Anelghowhat Vanuatu
nvva=Anelghowhat Vanuatu
olz=Olpoi Vanuatu
nvsz=Olpoi Vanuatu
swj=Malekula Island Vanuatu
nvsx=Malekula Island Vanuatu
vls=Valesdir Vanuatu
nvsv=Valesdir Vanuatu
ulb=Ambryn Island Vanuatu
nvsu=Ambryn Island Vanuatu
tgh=Tongoa Island Vanuatu
nvst=Tongoa Island Vanuatu
son=Santo Vanuatu
nvss=Santo Vanuatu
rcl=Redcliffe Vanuatu
nvsr=Redcliffe Vanuatu
zgu=Gaua Island Vanuatu
nvsq=Gaua Island Vanuatu
nus=Norsup Vanuatu
nvsp=Norsup Vanuatu
lne=Lonorore Vanuatu
nvso=Lonorore Vanuatu
mwf=Maewo Island Vanuatu
nvsn=Maewo Island Vanuatu
lnb=Lamen Bay Vanuatu
nvsm=Lamen Bay Vanuatu
lpm=Lamap Vanuatu
nvsl=Lamap Vanuatu
pbj=Paama Island Vanuatu
nvsi=Paama Island Vanuatu
ssr=Pentecost Island Vanuatu
nvsh=Pentecost Island Vanuatu
lod=Longana Vanuatu
nvsg=Longana Vanuatu
ccv=Craig Cove Vanuatu
nvsf=Craig Cove Vanuatu
eae=Sangafa Vanuatu
nvse=Sangafa Vanuatu
toh=Loh/Linua Vanuatu
nvsd=Loh/Linua Vanuatu
slh=Sola Vanuatu
nvsc=Sola Vanuatu
mtv=Ablow Vanuatu
nvsa=Ablow Vanuatu
uah=Ua Huka French Polynesia
ntmu=Ua Huka French Polynesia
uap=Ua Pou French Polynesia
ntmp=Ua Pou French Polynesia
auq=Hiva-oa French Polynesia
ntmn=Hiva-oa French Polynesia
ahe=Ahe French Polynesia
nthe=Ahe French Polynesia
apk=Apataki French Polynesia
ntgd=Apataki French Polynesia
mxs=Savaii Island Samoa
nsma=Savaii Island Samoa
mwp=Mountain Nepal
fut=Futuna Island Wallis and Futuna
nlwf=Futuna Island Wallis and Futuna
iue=Alofi Niue
niue=Alofi Niue
vbv=Vanua Balavu Fiji
nfvb=Vanua Balavu Fiji
ntt=Niuatoputapu Tonga
nftp=Niuatoputapu Tonga
tonga=Angah Niuafo'ou Island
nfo=Angah Niuafo'ou Island
hpa=Lifuka Tonga
nftl=Lifuka Tonga
eua=Eua Island Tonga
nfte=Eua Island Tonga
svu=Savusavu Fiji
nfns=Savusavu Fiji
rta=Rotuma Fiji
nfnr=Rotuma Fiji
kxf=Koro Island Fiji
nfno=Koro Island Fiji
tvu=Matei Fiji
nfnm=Matei Fiji
lbs=Lambasa Fiji
nfnl=Lambasa Fiji
lkb=Lakeba Island Fiji
nfnk=Lakeba Island Fiji
ngi=Ngau Fiji
nfng=Ngau Fiji
mfj=Moala Fiji
nfmo=Moala Fiji
mnf=Mana Island Fiji
nfma=Mana Island Fiji
kdv=Vunisea Fiji
nfkd=Vunisea Fiji
ptf=Malolo Lailai Island Fiji
nffo=Malolo Lailai Island Fiji
ici=Cicia Fiji
nfci=Cicia Fiji
pye=Penrhyn Island Cook Islands
ncpy=Penrhyn Island Cook Islands
moi=Mitiaro Island Cook Islands
ncmr=Mitiaro Island Cook Islands
muk=Mauke Island Cook Islands
ncmk=Mauke Island Cook Islands
mhx=Manihiki Island Cook Islands
ncmh=Manihiki Island Cook Islands
mgs=Mangaia Island Cook Islands
ncmg=Mangaia Island Cook Islands
aiu=Atiu Island Cook Islands
ncat=Atiu Island Cook Islands
pid=Nassau Bahamas
mypi=Nassau Bahamas
cri=Colonel Hill Bahamas
myci=Colonel Hill Bahamas
cat=Cat Island Bahamas
mycb=Cat Island Bahamas
atc=Arthur's Town Bahamas
myca=Arthur's Town Bahamas
cox=Andros Bahamas
myak=Andros Bahamas
lbp=Long Banga Malaysia
scx=Salina Cruz Mexico
mm57=Salina Cruz Mexico
tnd=Trinidad Cuba
mutd=Trinidad Cuba
ccc=Cayo Coco Cuba
muoc=Cayo Coco Cuba
pax=Port-de-Paix Haiti
mtpx=Port-de-Paix Haiti
jee=Jeremie Haiti
mtje=Jeremie Haiti
pld=Playa Samara Costa Rica
mrsr=Playa Samara Costa Rica
syq=San Jose Costa Rica
mrpv=San Jose Costa Rica
pjm=Puerto Jimenez Costa Rica
mrpj=Puerto Jimenez Costa Rica
pbp=Nandayure Costa Rica
mria=Nandayure Costa Rica
tno=Nicoya Costa Rica
mrcv=Nicoya Costa Rica
bcl=Pococi Costa Rica
mrbc=Pococi Costa Rica
ttq=Roxana Costa Rica
mrao=Roxana Costa Rica
plp=La Palma Panama
mplp=La Palma Panama
jqe=Jaqué Panama
mpje=Jaqué Panama
onx=Colón Panama
mpej=Colón Panama
ctd=Chitré Panama
mpce=Chitré Panama
jal=Jalapa Mexico
mmja=Jalapa Mexico
gub=Guerrero Negro Mexico
mmgr=Guerrero Negro Mexico
cua=Ciudad Constitución Mexico
mmda=Ciudad Constitución Mexico
cyw=Celaya Mexico
mmcy=Celaya Mexico
mij=Mili Island Marshall Islands
mlip=Mili Island Marshall Islands
peu=Puerto Lempira Honduras
mhpl=Puerto Lempira Honduras
ahs=Ahuas Honduras
mhah=Ahuas Honduras
wto=Wotho Island Marshall Islands
wte=Wotje Atoll Marshall Islands
n36=Wotje Atoll Marshall Islands
wja=Majuro Atoll Marshall Islands
uit=Jabor Jaluit Atoll Marshall Islands
n55=Jabor Jaluit Atoll Marshall Islands
rnp=Rongelap Island Marshall Islands
ndk=Namorik Atoll Marshall Islands
3n0=Namorik Atoll Marshall Islands
mje=Majkin Marshall Islands
mjb=Mejit Atoll Marshall Islands
q30=Mejit Atoll Marshall Islands
mav=Maloelap Island Marshall Islands
lik=Likiep Island Marshall Islands
kbt=Kaben Marshall Islands
jej=Ailinglapalap Atoll Marshall Islands
jat=Ailinglapalap Atoll Marshall Islands
bii=Bikini Atoll Marshall Islands
aul=Aur Atoll Marshall Islands
aim=Ailuk Island Marshall Islands
utk=Utirik Island Marshall Islands
03n=Utirik Island Marshall Islands
aaz=Quezaltenango Guatemala
mgqz=Quezaltenango Guatemala
pbr=Puerto Barrios Guatemala
mgpb=Puerto Barrios Guatemala
jbq=La Isabela Dominican Republic
mdjb=La Isabela Dominican Republic
azs=Samana Dominican Republic
mdcy=Samana Dominican Republic
slx=Salt Cay Turks and Caicos Islands
mbsy=Salt Cay Turks and Caicos Islands
mds=Middle Caicos Turks and Caicos Islands
mbmc=Middle Caicos Turks and Caicos Islands
gdt=Cockburn Town Turks and Caicos Islands
mbgt=Cockburn Town Turks and Caicos Islands
ilz=Žilina Slovakia
lzzi=Žilina Slovakia
qub=Ubari Libya
mra=Misratah Libya
szf=Samsun Turkey
ltfh=Samsun Turkey
edo=Balikesir Korfez Turkey
ltfd=Balikesir Korfez Turkey
ise=Isparta Turkey
ltfc=Isparta Turkey
adf=Adiyaman Turkey
ltcp=Adiyaman Turkey
aji=Agri Turkey
ltco=Agri Turkey
kcm=Kahramanmaras Turkey
ltcn=Kahramanmaras Turkey
sfq=Sanliurfa Turkey
ltch=Sanliurfa Turkey
ksy=Kars Turkey
ltcf=Kars Turkey
usq=Usak Turkey
ltbo=Usak Turkey
bnx=Banja Luka Bosnia and Herzegovina
lqbk=Banja Luka Bosnia and Herzegovina
cvu=Corvo Portugal
lpcr=Corvo Portugal
qsr=Salerno Italy
liri=Salerno Italy
aot=Aosta Italy
limw=Aosta Italy
sob=Sármellék Hungary
lhsm=Sármellék Hungary
qgy=Győr Hungary
lhpr=Győr Hungary
pev=Pécs-Pogány Hungary
lhpp=Pécs-Pogány Hungary
jsy=Syros Island Greece
lgso=Syros Island Greece
ltt=La Môle France
lftz=La Môle France
eap=Mulhouse France
nztl=Lake Tekapo New Zealand
ane=Angers/Marcé France
lfjr=Angers/Marcé France
idy=Île d'Yeu France
lfey=Île d'Yeu France
rjl=Logroño-Agoncillo Spain
lelo=Logroño-Agoncillo Spain
ecn=Nicosia Cyprus
lcen=Nicosia Cyprus
ykm=Yakima United States
kykm=Yakima United States
kwy=Kiwayu Kenya
wrl=Worland United States
kwrl=Worland United States
vld=Valdosta United States
kvld=Valdosta United States
vct=Victoria United States
kvct=Victoria United States
uin=Quincy United States
kuin=Quincy United States
tup=Tupelo United States
ktup=Tupelo United States
smx=Santa Maria United States
ksmx=Santa Maria United States
sln=Salina United States
ksln=Salina United States
slk=Saranac Lake United States
kslk=Saranac Lake United States
shr=Sheridan United States
kshr=Sheridan United States
sbp=San Luis Obispo United States
ksbp=San Luis Obispo United States
rut=Rutland United States
krut=Rutland United States
rks=Rock Springs United States
krks=Rock Springs United States
rhi=Rhinelander United States
krhi=Rhinelander United States
rdg=Reading United States
krdg=Reading United States
psm=Portsmouth United States
kpsm=Portsmouth United States
pln=Pellston United States
kpln=Pellston United States
pir=Pierre United States
kpir=Pierre United States
pih=Pocatello United States
kpih=Pocatello United States
pib=Hattiesburg/Laurel United States
kpib=Hattiesburg/Laurel United States
owb=Owensboro United States
kowb=Owensboro United States
oth=North Bend United States
koth=North Bend United States
msl=Muscle Shoals United States
kmsl=Muscle Shoals United States
mls=Miles City United States
kmls=Miles City United States
mkg=Muskegon United States
kmkg=Muskegon United States
lyh=Lynchburg United States
klyh=Lynchburg United States
lwt=Lewistown United States
klwt=Lewistown United States
lns=Lancaster United States
klns=Lancaster United States
lmt=Klamath Falls United States
klmt=Klamath Falls United States
leb=Lebanon United States
kleb=Lebanon United States
lbf=North Platte United States
klbf=North Platte United States
lbe=Latrobe United States
klbe=Latrobe United States
lar=Laramie United States
klar=Laramie United States
jms=Jamestown United States
kjms=Jamestown United States
irk=Kirksville United States
kirk=Kirksville United States
kio=Kili Island Marshall Islands
q51=Kili Island Marshall Islands
hts=Huntington United States
khts=Huntington United States
hot=Hot Springs United States
khot=Hot Springs United States
gri=Grand Island United States
kgri=Grand Island United States
ggw=Glasgow United States
kggw=Glasgow United States
fay=Fayetteville United States
kfay=Fayetteville United States
ewb=New Bedford United States
kewb=New Bedford United States
eko=Elko United States
keko=Elko United States
eau=Eau Claire United States
keau=Eau Claire United States
duj=Du Bois United States
kduj=Du Bois United States
ddc=Dodge City United States
kddc=Dodge City United States
cmx=Hancock United States
kcmx=Hancock United States
clm=Port Angeles United States
kclm=Port Angeles United States
ckb=Clarksburg United States
kckb=Clarksburg United States
ciu=Sault Ste Marie United States
kciu=Sault Ste Marie United States
cgi=Cape Girardeau United States
kcgi=Cape Girardeau United States
cec=Crescent City United States
kcec=Crescent City United States
brl=Burlington United States
kbrl=Burlington United States
bqk=Brunswick United States
kbqk=Brunswick United States
bkw=Beckley United States
kbkw=Beckley United States
bff=Scottsbluff United States
kbff=Scottsbluff United States
bfd=Bradford United States
kbfd=Bradford United States
aty=Watertown United States
katy=Watertown United States
apn=Alpena United States
kapn=Alpena United States
alw=Walla Walla United States
kalw=Walla Walla United States
alo=Waterloo United States
kalo=Waterloo United States
alm=Alamogordo United States
kalm=Alamogordo United States
ahn=Athens United States
kahn=Athens United States
aby=Albany United States
kaby=Albany United States
abr=Aberdeen United States
kabr=Aberdeen United States
tqr=Tremiti Islands Italy
gsm=Gheshm Iran
diu=Diu India
va1p=Diu India
ulu=Gulu Uganda
hugu=Gulu Uganda
rua=Arua Uganda
huar=Arua Uganda
tbo=Tabora Tanzania
httb=Tabora Tanzania
shy=Shinyanga Tanzania
htsy=Shinyanga Tanzania
muz=Musoma Tanzania
htmu=Musoma Tanzania
ldi=Lindi Tanzania
htli=Lindi Tanzania
tkq=Kigoma Tanzania
htka=Kigoma Tanzania
bkz=Bukoba Tanzania
htbu=Bukoba Tanzania
pzu=Port Sudan Sudan
hspn=Port Sudan Sudan
uyl=Nyala Sudan
hsnn=Nyala Sudan
atb=Atbara Sudan
hsat=Atbara Sudan
laq=Al Bayda' Libya
hllq=Al Bayda' Libya
mji=Tripoli Libya
hllm=Tripoli Libya
tob=Tobruk Libya
hlgn=Tobruk Libya
srx=Sirt Libya
hlgd=Sirt Libya
nyk=Nanyuki Kenya
hkny=Nanyuki Kenya
myd=Malindi Kenya
hkml=Malindi Kenya
lkg=Lokichoggio Kenya
hklk=Lokichoggio Kenya
asv=Amboseli National Park Kenya
hkam=Amboseli National Park Kenya
atz=Asyut Egypt
heat=Asyut Egypt
aac=El Arish Egypt
hear=El Arish Egypt
buo=Burao Somalia
hcmv=Burao Somalia
glk=Galcaio Somalia
hcmr=Galcaio Somalia
mgq=Mogadishu Somalia
hcmm=Mogadishu Somalia
bsa=Bosaso Somalia
hcmf=Bosaso Somalia
alu=Alula Somalia
hcma=Alula Somalia
tie=Tippi Ethiopia
hatp=Tippi Ethiopia
mtf=Mizan Teferi Ethiopia
hamt=Mizan Teferi Ethiopia
abk=Kabri Dehar Ethiopia
hakd=Kabri Dehar Ethiopia
gor=Gore Ethiopia
hagr=Gore Ethiopia
gde=Gode Ethiopia
hago=Gode Ethiopia
dem=Dembidollo Ethiopia
hadd=Dembidollo Ethiopia
dse=Dessie Ethiopia
hadc=Dessie Ethiopia
bei=Beica Ethiopia
habe=Beica Ethiopia
bco=Baco Ethiopia
habc=Baco Ethiopia
cape verde=Prai Santiago Island
sfl=Sao Filip Fogo Island
rai=Prai Santiago Island
ndr=El Aroui Morocco
gmmw=El Aroui Morocco
eun=El Aaiún Western Sahara
gmml=El Aaiún Western Sahara
esu=Essadouira Morocco
gmmi=Essadouira Morocco
vil=Dakhla Western Sahara
gmmh=Dakhla Western Sahara
smw=Smara Western Sahara
gmma=Smara Western Sahara
qfi=Iginniarfik Greenland
qcu=Akunnaaq Greenland
jgr=Groennedal Greenland
oxb=Bissau Guinea-Bissau
ggov=Bissau Guinea-Bissau
ken=Kenema Sierra Leone
gfke=Kenema Sierra Leone
kbs=Bo Sierra Leone
gfbo=Bo Sierra Leone
bte=Bonthe Sierra Leone
gfbn=Bonthe Sierra Leone
jcu=Ceuta Spain
gect=Ceuta Spain
cru=Carriacou Island Grenada
gmz=La Gomera Spain
gcgm=La Gomera Spain
psv=Papa Stour United Kingdom
ouk=Outer Skerries United Kingdom
foa=Foula United Kingdom
gax=Gamba Gabon
pfr=Ilebo Congo (Kinshasa)
fzvs=Ilebo Congo (Kinshasa)
lja=Lodja Congo (Kinshasa)
fzva=Lodja Congo (Kinshasa)
tsh=Tshikapa Congo (Kinshasa)
fzuk=Tshikapa Congo (Kinshasa)
bsu=Basankusu Congo (Kinshasa)
fzen=Basankusu Congo (Kinshasa)
krz=Kiri Congo (Kinshasa)
fzbt=Kiri Congo (Kinshasa)
nio=Nioki Congo (Kinshasa)
fzbi=Nioki Congo (Kinshasa)
ino=Inongo Congo (Kinshasa)
fzba=Inongo Congo (Kinshasa)
mat=Matadi Congo (Kinshasa)
fzam=Matadi Congo (Kinshasa)
boa=Boma Congo (Kinshasa)
fzaj=Boma Congo (Kinshasa)
ers=Windhoek Namibia
fywe=Windhoek Namibia
swp=Swakopmund Namibia
fysm=Swakopmund Namibia
omd=Oranjemund Namibia
fyog=Oranjemund Namibia
ond=Ondangwa Namibia
fyoa=Ondangwa Namibia
lud=Luderitz Namibia
fylz=Luderitz Namibia
cmk=Club Makokola Malawi
fwcm=Club Makokola Malawi
srh=Sarh Chad
ftta=Sarh Chad
jca=Cannes France
vpy=Chimoio Mozambique
fqch=Chimoio Mozambique
tch=Tchibanga Gabon
foot=Tchibanga Gabon
mjl=Mouila Gabon
fogm=Mouila Gabon
kou=Koulamoutou Gabon
fogk=Koulamoutou Gabon
msz=Mocamedes Angola
fnmo=Mocamedes Angola
vpe=Ondjiva Angola
fngi=Ondjiva Angola
due=Dundo Angola
fndu=Dundo Angola
cbt=Catumbela Angola
fnct=Catumbela Angola
mja=Manja Madagascar
fmsj=Manja Madagascar
wma=Mandritsara Madagascar
fmnx=Mandritsara Madagascar
tts=Tsaratanana Madagascar
fmnt=Tsaratanana Madagascar
wmp=Mampikony Madagascar
fmnp=Mampikony Madagascar
dwb=Soalala Madagascar
fmno=Soalala Madagascar
iva=Ambanja Madagascar
fmnj=Ambanja Madagascar
wpb=Port Bergé Madagascar
fmng=Port Bergé Madagascar
wam=Ambatondrazaka Madagascar
fmmz=Ambatondrazaka Madagascar
wts=Tsiroanomandidy Madagascar
fmmx=Tsiroanomandidy Madagascar
wta=Tambohorano Madagascar
fmmu=Tambohorano Madagascar
tva=Morafenobe Madagascar
fmmr=Morafenobe Madagascar
mxt=Maintirano Madagascar
fmmo=Maintirano Madagascar
bmd=Belo sur Tsiribihina Madagascar
fmml=Belo sur Tsiribihina Madagascar
jva=Ankavandra Madagascar
fmmk=Ankavandra Madagascar
waq=Antsalova Madagascar
fmmg=Antsalova Madagascar
yva=Moroni Comoros
fmcn=Moroni Comoros
sli=Solwesi Zambia
flsw=Solwesi Zambia
cip=Chipata Zambia
flcp=Chipata Zambia
dis=Loubomo Congo (Brazzaville)
fcpl=Loubomo Congo (Brazzaville)
tld=Tuli Lodge Botswana
fbtl=Tuli Lodge Botswana
swx=Shakawe Botswana
fbsw=Shakawe Botswana
orp=Orapa Botswana
fbor=Orapa Botswana
gnz=Ghanzi Botswana
fbgz=Ghanzi Botswana
mbd=Mafeking South Africa
famm=Mafeking South Africa
aam=Malamala South Africa
famd=Malamala South Africa
mqp=Mpumalanga South Africa
fakn=Mpumalanga South Africa
qra=Johannesburg South Africa
fagm=Johannesburg South Africa
vts=Ventspils Latvia
evva=Ventspils Latvia
shc=Shire Indasilase Ethiopia
hil=Shilavo Ethiopia
hmv=Hemavan Sweden
esut=Hemavan Sweden
sqo=Mohed Sweden
esud=Mohed Sweden
agh=Ängelholm Sweden
esta=Ängelholm Sweden
tyf=Torsby Sweden
esst=Torsby Sweden
ksd=Karlstad Sweden
esok=Karlstad Sweden
hfs=Hagfors Sweden
esoh=Hagfors Sweden
osd=Östersund Sweden
esnz=Östersund Sweden
lcj=Lodz Poland
epll=Lodz Poland
bzg=Bydgoszcz Poland
epby=Bydgoszcz Poland
vry=Værøy Norway
envr=Værøy Norway
vaw=Vardø Norway
enss=Vardø Norway
soj=Sorkjosen Norway
ensr=Sorkjosen Norway
svj=Svolvær Norway
ensh=Svolvær Norway
sog=Sogndal Norway
ensg=Sogndal Norway
sdn=Sandane Norway
ensd=Sandane Norway
ret=Røst Norway
enrs=Røst Norway
rvk=Rørvik Norway
enrm=Rørvik Norway
mqn=Mo i Rana Norway
enra=Mo i Rana Norway
osy=Namsos Norway
ennm=Namsos Norway
lkn=Leknes Norway
enlk=Leknes Norway
cnl=Sindal Denmark
eksn=Sindal Denmark
eiwt=Leixlip Ireland
cfn=Dongloe Ireland
eidl=Dongloe Ireland
lsta=Raron Switzerland
brr=Barra United Kingdom
egpr=Barra United Kingdom
hly=Angelsey United Kingdom
egov=Angelsey United Kingdom
pze=Penzance United Kingdom
eghk=Penzance United Kingdom
leq=Land's End United Kingdom
eghc=Land's End United Kingdom
wry=Westray United Kingdom
egew=Westray United Kingdom
lwk=Lerwick United Kingdom
eget=Lerwick United Kingdom
ndy=Sanday United Kingdom
eges=Sanday United Kingdom
soy=Stronsay United Kingdom
eger=Stronsay United Kingdom
ppw=Papa Westray United Kingdom
egep=Papa Westray United Kingdom
nrl=North Ronaldsay United Kingdom
egen=North Ronaldsay United Kingdom
fie=Fair Isle United Kingdom
egef=Fair Isle United Kingdom
eoi=Eday United Kingdom
eged=Eday United Kingdom
cal=Campbeltown United Kingdom
egec=Campbeltown United Kingdom
united kingdom=Doncaste Sheffield
dsa=Doncaste Sheffield
nqt=Nottingham United Kingdom
egbn=Nottingham United Kingdom
sjy=Seinäjoki / Ilmajoki Finland
efsi=Seinäjoki / Ilmajoki Finland
hgl=Helgoland Germany
edxh=Helgoland Germany
hei=Büsum Germany
edxb=Büsum Germany
hdf=Heringsdorf Germany
edah=Heringsdorf Germany
kms=Kumasi Ghana
dgsi=Kumasi Ghana
elu=Guemar Algeria
dauo=Guemar Algeria
bmw=Bordj Badji Mokhtar Algeria
datm=Bordj Badji Mokhtar Algeria
cbh=Béchar Algeria
daor=Béchar Algeria
blj=Batna Algeria
dabt=Batna Algeria
zwl=Wollaston Lake Canada
czwl=Wollaston Lake Canada
zum=Churchill Falls Canada
czum=Churchill Falls Canada
ztm=Shamattawa Canada
cztm=Shamattawa Canada
zsj=Sandy Lake Canada
czsj=Sandy Lake Canada
zrj=Round Lake Canada
czrj=Round Lake Canada
zpb=Sachigo Lake Canada
czpb=Sachigo Lake Canada
zmt=Masset Canada
czmt=Masset Canada
msa=Muskrat Dam Canada
czmd=Muskrat Dam Canada
zke=Kashechewan Canada
czke=Kashechewan Canada
zjn=Swan River Canada
czjn=Swan River Canada
zgi=Gods River Canada
czgi=Gods River Canada
zfd=Fond-Du-Lac Canada
czfd=Fond-Du-Lac Canada
zem=Eastmain River Canada
czem=Eastmain River Canada
zbf=Bathurst Canada
czbf=Bathurst Canada
ilf=Ilford Canada
czbd=Ilford Canada
zac=York Landing Canada
czac=York Landing Canada
yzg=Salluit Canada
cyzg=Salluit Canada
yxn=Whale Cove Canada
cyxn=Whale Cove Canada
ywp=Webequie Canada
cywp=Webequie Canada
yvz=Deer Lake Canada
cyvz=Deer Lake Canada
ytl=Big Trout Lake Canada
cytl=Big Trout Lake Canada
yst=St. Theresa Point Canada
cyst=St. Theresa Point Canada
ysk=Sanikiluaq Canada
cysk=Sanikiluaq Canada
ysf=Stony Rapids Canada
cysf=Stony Rapids Canada
yrl=Red Lake Canada
cyrl=Red Lake Canada
yra=Gamètì Canada
cyra=Gamètì Canada
yqn=Nakina Canada
cyqn=Nakina Canada
yqd=The Pas Canada
cyqd=The Pas Canada
ypw=Powell River Canada
cypw=Powell River Canada
ypo=Peawanuck Canada
cypo=Peawanuck Canada
ypm=Pikangikum Canada
cypm=Pikangikum Canada
yph=Inukjuak Canada
cyph=Inukjuak Canada
yoh=Oxford House Canada
cyoh=Oxford House Canada
ynl=Points North Landing Canada
cynl=Points North Landing Canada
yne=Norway House Canada
cyne=Norway House Canada
ync=Wemindji Canada
cync=Wemindji Canada
yud=Umiujaq Canada
cymu=Umiujaq Canada
ymt=Chibougamau Canada
cymt=Chibougamau Canada
ymh=Mary's Harbour Canada
cymh=Mary's Harbour Canada
xgr=Kangiqsualujjuaq Canada
cylu=Kangiqsualujjuaq Canada
ysg=Lutselk'e Canada
cylk=Lutselk'e Canada
ylh=Lansdowne House Canada
cylh=Lansdowne House Canada
ylc=Kimmirut Canada
cylc=Kimmirut Canada
ypj=Aupaluk Canada
cyla=Aupaluk Canada
ykq=Waskaganish Canada
cykq=Waskaganish Canada
akv=Akulivik Canada
cyko=Akulivik Canada
yiv=Island Lake Canada
cyiv=Island Lake Canada
yik=Ivujivik Canada
cyik=Ivujivik Canada
yhr=Chevery Canada
cyhr=Chevery Canada
yho=Hopedale Canada
cyho=Hopedale Canada
yns=Nemiscau Canada
cyhh=Nemiscau Canada
yhc=Vancouver Canada
cyhc=Vancouver Canada
yqc=Quaqtaq Canada
cyha=Quaqtaq Canada
ygz=Grise Fiord Canada
cygz=Grise Fiord Canada
ygx=Gillam Canada
cygx=Gillam Canada
ygw=Kuujjuarapik Canada
cygw=Kuujjuarapik Canada
ygt=Igloolik Canada
cygt=Igloolik Canada
ygo=Gods Lake Narrows Canada
cygo=Gods Lake Narrows Canada
ygb=Texada Canada
cygb=Texada Canada
ymn=Makkovik Canada
cyft=Makkovik Canada
yfh=Fort Hope Canada
cyfh=Fort Hope Canada
yfa=Fort Albany Canada
cyfa=Fort Albany Canada
yer=Fort Severn Canada
cyer=Fort Severn Canada
ydp=Nain Canada
cydp=Nain Canada
ycs=Chesterfield Inlet Canada
cycs=Chesterfield Inlet Canada
yrf=Cartwright Canada
cyca=Cartwright Canada
ybx=Lourdes-De-Blanc-Sablon Canada
cybx=Lourdes-De-Blanc-Sablon Canada
ybe=Uranium City Canada
cybe=Uranium City Canada
cyax=Lac Du Bonnet Canada
yat=Attawapiskat Canada
cyat=Attawapiskat Canada
ykg=Kangirsuk Canada
cyas=Kangirsuk Canada
xks=Kasabonika Canada
cyaq=Kasabonika Canada
yag=Fort Frances Canada
cyag=Fort Frances Canada
yac=Cat Lake Canada
cyac=Cat Lake Canada
tcd=Tarapacá Colombia
apo=Apartadó Colombia
ntg=Nantong China
zlt=La Tabatière Canada
ctu5=La Tabatière Canada
ztb=Tête-à-la-Baleine Canada
ctb6=Tête-à-la-Baleine Canada
yku=Chisasibi Canada
csu2=Chisasibi Canada
yhp=Poplar Hill Canada
cpv7=Poplar Hill Canada
yog=Ogoki Post Canada
cnt3=Ogoki Post Canada
kif=Kingfisher Lake Canada
cnm5=Kingfisher Lake Canada
xbe=Bearskin Lake Canada
cne3=Bearskin Lake Canada
yno=North Spirit Lake Canada
ckq3=North Spirit Lake Canada
wnn=Wunnumin Lake Canada
ckl3=Wunnumin Lake Canada
yax=Angling Lake Canada
ckb6=Angling Lake Canada
sur=Summer Beaver Canada
cjv7=Summer Beaver Canada
yle=Whatì Canada
cem3=Whatì Canada
yck=Colville Lake Canada
ceb3=Colville Lake Canada
yrg=Rigolet Canada
ccz2=Rigolet Canada
yha=Port Hope Simpson Canada
ccp4=Port Hope Simpson Canada
yfx=St. Lewis Canada
cck4=St. Lewis Canada
ywm=Williams Harbour Canada
cca6=Williams Harbour Canada
yaa=Anahim Lake Canada
caj4=Anahim Lake Canada
yws=Whistler Canada
cae5=Whistler Canada
pnd=Punta Gorda Belize
cuk=Caye Caulker Belize
vpn=Vopnafjörður Iceland
bivo=Vopnafjörður Iceland
tho=Thorshofn Iceland
bitn=Thorshofn Iceland
drk=Puntarenas Costa Rica
mrdk=Puntarenas Costa Rica
gry=Grímsey Iceland
bigr=Grímsey Iceland
jqa=Uummannaq Greenland
bguq=Uummannaq Greenland
juv=Upernavik Greenland
bguk=Upernavik Greenland
jhs=Sisimiut Greenland
bgss=Sisimiut Greenland
naq=Qaanaaq Greenland
bgqq=Qaanaaq Greenland
jns=Narsaq Greenland
bgns=Narsaq Greenland
jnn=Nanortalik Greenland
bgnn=Nanortalik Greenland
jsu=Maniitsoq Greenland
bgmq=Maniitsoq Greenland
jju=Qaqortoq Greenland
bgjh=Qaqortoq Greenland
jgo=Qeqertarsuaq Airport Greenland
bggn=Qeqertarsuaq Airport Greenland
jfr=Paamiut Greenland
bgfh=Paamiut Greenland
cnp=Neerlerit Inaat Greenland
bgco=Neerlerit Inaat Greenland
llu=Alluitsup Paa Greenland
bgap=Alluitsup Paa Greenland
wbm=Wapenamanda Papua New Guinea
aywd=Wapenamanda Papua New Guinea
vai=Vanimo Papua New Guinea
ayvn=Vanimo Papua New Guinea
rab=Tokua Papua New Guinea
aytk=Tokua Papua New Guinea
tbg=Tabubil Papua New Guinea
aytb=Tabubil Papua New Guinea
tiz=Tari Papua New Guinea
ayta=Tari Papua New Guinea
mis=Misima Island Papua New Guinea
ayms=Misima Island Papua New Guinea
mxh=Moro Papua New Guinea
aymr=Moro Papua New Guinea
mas=Momote Papua New Guinea
aymo=Momote Papua New Guinea
mdu=Mendi Papua New Guinea
aymn=Mendi Papua New Guinea
kvg=Kavieng Papua New Guinea
aykv=Kavieng Papua New Guinea
kma=Kerema Papua New Guinea
aykm=Kerema Papua New Guinea
kri=Kikori Papua New Guinea
aykk=Kikori Papua New Guinea
ung=Kiunga Papua New Guinea
ayki=Kiunga Papua New Guinea
hkn=Hoskins Papua New Guinea
ayhk=Hoskins Papua New Guinea
pnp=Girua Papua New Guinea
aygr=Girua Papua New Guinea
gur=Gurney Papua New Guinea
aygn=Gurney Papua New Guinea
dau=Daru Papua New Guinea
aydu=Daru Papua New Guinea
cmu=Kundiawa Papua New Guinea
aych=Kundiawa Papua New Guinea
bua=Buka Island Papua New Guinea
aybk=Buka Island Papua New Guinea
rbv=Ramata Solomon Islands
agrm=Ramata Solomon Islands
kge=Kagau Island Solomon Islands
agkg=Kagau Island Solomon Islands
vao=Suavanao Solomon Islands
aggv=Suavanao Solomon Islands
rus=Marau Solomon Islands
aggu=Marau Solomon Islands
rnl=Rennell Island Solomon Islands
aggr=Rennell Island Solomon Islands
mny=Stirling Island Solomon Islands
aggo=Stirling Island Solomon Islands
gzo=Gizo Solomon Islands
aggn=Gizo Solomon Islands
mua=Munda Solomon Islands
aggm=Munda Solomon Islands
scz=Santa Cruz/Graciosa Bay/Luova Solomon Islands
aggl=Santa Cruz/Graciosa Bay/Luova Solomon Islands
ira=Kirakira Solomon Islands
aggk=Kirakira Solomon Islands
mbu=Mbambanakira Solomon Islands
aggi=Mbambanakira Solomon Islands
fre=Fera Island Solomon Islands
aggf=Fera Island Solomon Islands
bas=Ballalae Solomon Islands
agge=Ballalae Solomon Islands
aks=Auki Solomon Islands
agga=Auki Solomon Islands
atd=Atoifi Solomon Islands
agat=Atoifi Solomon Islands
kxk=Komsomolsk-on-Amur Russia
uhkk=Komsomolsk-on-Amur Russia
oyg=Moyo Uganda
iks=Tiksi Russia
uest=Tiksi Russia
cyx=Cherskiy Russia
uess=Cherskiy Russia
ckh=Chokurdah Russia
ueso=Chokurdah Russia
cnn=Neryungri Russia
uell=Neryungri Russia
ksn=Kostanay Kazakhstan
uauu=Kostanay Kazakhstan
dzn=Zhezkazgan Kazakhstan
uakd=Zhezkazgan Kazakhstan
kov=Kokshetau Kazakhstan
uack=Kokshetau Kazakhstan
uni=Union Island Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
tvsu=Union Island Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
bqu=Bequia Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
tvsb=Bequia Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
vij=Spanish Town British Virgin Islands
tupw=Spanish Town British Virgin Islands
nev=Charlestown Saint Kitts and Nevis
tkpn=Charlestown Saint Kitts and Nevis
bbr=Basse Terre Guadeloupe
tffb=Basse Terre Guadeloupe
dsd=Grande Anse Guadeloupe
tffa=Grande Anse Guadeloupe
vig=El Vigía Venezuela
svvg=El Vigía Venezuela
mdo=Maldonado Uruguay
supe=Maldonado Uruguay
sra=Santa Rosa Brazil
sszr=Santa Rosa Brazil
huu=Huánuco Peru
spnc=Huánuco Peru
lhc=Caballococha Peru
spbc=Caballococha Peru
srj=San Borja Bolivia
slsb=San Borja Bolivia
rib=Riberalta Bolivia
slri=Riberalta Bolivia
gya=Guayaramerín Bolivia
slgy=Guayaramerín Bolivia
pda=Puerto Inírida Colombia
skpd=Puerto Inírida Colombia
nqu=Nuquí Colombia
sknq=Nuquí Colombia
lpd=La Pedrera Colombia
sklp=La Pedrera Colombia
lqm=Puerto Leguízamo Colombia
sklg=Puerto Leguízamo Colombia
glj=Garzón Colombia
skgz=Garzón Colombia
crc=Cartago Colombia
skgo=Cartago Colombia
psy=Stanley Falkland Islands
sfal=Stanley Falkland Islands
loh=La Toma (Catamayo) Ecuador
setm=La Toma (Catamayo) Ecuador
scy=San Cristóbal Ecuador
sest=San Cristóbal Ecuador
sod=Sorocaba Brazil
sdco=Sorocaba Brazil
esr=El Salvador Chile
sces=El Salvador Chile
vdc=Vitória Da Conquista Brazil
sbqv=Vitória Da Conquista Brazil
mii=Marília Brazil
sbml=Marília Brazil
mea=Macaé Brazil
sbme=Macaé Brazil
nec=Necochea Argentina
sazo=Necochea Argentina
ing=El Calafate Argentina
sawa=El Calafate Argentina
rxs=Roxas City Philippines
rpvr=Roxas City Philippines
cyp=Calbayog City Philippines
rpvc=Calbayog City Philippines
vrc=Virac Philippines
rpuv=Virac Philippines
tug=Tuguegarao Philippines
rput=Tuguegarao Philippines
sfe=San Fernando Philippines
rpus=San Fernando Philippines
bso=Basco Philippines
rpuo=Basco Philippines
wnp=Naga Philippines
rpun=Naga Philippines
tdg=Tandag Philippines
rpmw=Tandag Philippines
sug=Sangley Point Philippines
rpms=Sangley Point Philippines
sgs=Sanga Sanga Philippines
rpmn=Sanga Sanga Philippines
ges=General Santos City Philippines
rpmb=General Santos City Philippines
sfs=Olongapo City Philippines
rplb=Olongapo City Philippines
yny=Sokcho / Gangneung South Korea
rkny=Sokcho / Gangneung South Korea
dyr=Anadyr Russia
uhma=Anadyr Russia
oho=Okhotsk Russia
uhoo=Okhotsk Russia
uje=Ujae Atoll Marshall Islands
ujap=Ujae Atoll Marshall Islands
mpw=Mariupol International Ukraine
ukcm=Mariupol International Ukraine
vsg=Lugansk Ukraine
ukcw=Lugansk Ukraine
ozh=Zaporozhye Ukraine
ukde=Zaporozhye Ukraine
kwg=Krivoy Rog Ukraine
ukdr=Krivoy Rog Ukraine
hrk=Kharkov Ukraine
ukhh=Kharkov Ukraine
ifo=Ivano-Frankivsk Ukraine
ukli=Ivano-Frankivsk Ukraine
cwc=Chernovtsk Ukraine
ukln=Chernovtsk Ukraine
rwn=Rivne Ukraine
uklr=Rivne Ukraine
udj=Uzhgorod Ukraine
uklu=Uzhgorod Ukraine
csh=Solovetsky Islands Russia
ulas=Solovetsky Islands Russia
cee=Cherepovets Russia
ulbc=Cherepovets Russia
amv=Amderma Russia
uldd=Amderma Russia
ksz=Kotlas Russia
ulkk=Kotlas Russia
pes=Petrozavodsk Russia
ulpb=Petrozavodsk Russia
gna=Hrodna Belarus
ummg=Hrodna Belarus
mvq=Mogilev Belarus
umoo=Mogilev Belarus
eie=Yeniseysk Russia
unii=Yeniseysk Russia
kyz=Kyzyl Russia
unky=Kyzyl Russia
noz=Novokuznetsk Russia
unww=Novokuznetsk Russia
htg=Khatanga Russia
uohh=Khatanga Russia
iaa=Igarka Russia
uoii=Igarka Russia
grv=Grozny Russia
urmg=Grozny Russia
nal=Nalchik Russia
urmn=Nalchik Russia
ogz=Beslan Russia
urmo=Beslan Russia
esl=Elista Russia
urwi=Elista Russia
wkk=Aleknagik United States
5a8=Aleknagik United States
bkx=Brookings United States
blf=Bluefield United States
ear=Kearney United States
glh=Greenville United States
ifp=Bullhead United States
igm=Kingman United States
psc=Pasco United States
kqa=Akutan United States
svc=Silver City United States
lps=Lopez United States
s31=Lopez United States
sly=Salekhard Russia
usdd=Salekhard Russia
hma=Khanty-Mansiysk Russia
ushh=Khanty-Mansiysk Russia
nya=Nyagan Russia
ushn=Nyagan Russia
ovs=Sovetskiy Russia
ushs=Sovetskiy Russia
ijk=Izhevsk Russia
usii=Izhevsk Russia
kvx=Kirov Russia
uskk=Kirov Russia
nym=Nadym Russia
usmm=Nadym Russia
rat=Raduzhnyi Russia
usnr=Raduzhnyi Russia
nfg=Nefteyugansk Russia
usrn=Nefteyugansk Russia
kro=Kurgan Russia
usuu=Kurgan Russia
lbd=Khudzhand Tajikistan
utdl=Khudzhand Tajikistan
azn=Andizhan Uzbekistan
utka=Andizhan Uzbekistan
feg=Fergana Uzbekistan
utkf=Fergana Uzbekistan
nma=Namangan Uzbekistan
utkn=Namangan Uzbekistan
ncu=Nukus Uzbekistan
utnn=Nukus Uzbekistan
ugc=Urgench Uzbekistan
utnu=Urgench Uzbekistan
ksq=Khanabad Uzbekistan
utsl=Khanabad Uzbekistan
tmj=Termez Uzbekistan
utst=Termez Uzbekistan
ryb=Rybinsk Russia
uubk=Rybinsk Russia
ego=Belgorod Russia
uuob=Belgorod Russia
urs=Kursk Russia
uuok=Kursk Russia
lpk=Lipetsk Russia
uuol=Lipetsk Russia
vkt=Vorkuta Russia
uuyw=Vorkuta Russia
uua=Bugulma Russia
uwkb=Bugulma Russia
jok=Yoshkar-Ola Russia
uwkj=Yoshkar-Ola Russia
csy=Cheboksary Russia
uwks=Cheboksary Russia
uly=Ulyanovsk Russia
uwlw=Ulyanovsk Russia
osw=Orsk Russia
uwor=Orsk Russia
pez=Penza Russia
uwpp=Penza Russia
skx=Saransk Russia
uwps=Saransk Russia
bwo=Balakovo Russia
uwsb=Balakovo Russia
hbx=Hubli India
vahb=Hubli India
kct=Koggala Sri Lanka
vcck=Koggala Sri Lanka
wrz=Wirawila Sri Lanka
vccw=Wirawila Sri Lanka
bbm=Battambang Cambodia
vdbg=Battambang Cambodia
shl=Shillong India
vebi=Shillong India
gau=Guwahati India
vegt=Guwahati India
dmu=Dimapur India
vemr=Dimapur India
tez=Tezpur India
vetz=Tezpur India
bzl=Barisal Bangladesh
vgbr=Barisal Bangladesh
oui=Huay Xai Laos
vlhs=Huay Xai Laos
kon=Kontum Vietnam
bhr=Bharatpur Nepal
vnbp=Bharatpur Nepal
bdp=Chandragarhi Nepal
vncg=Chandragarhi Nepal
mey=Meghauli Nepal
vnmg=Meghauli Nepal
kep=Nepalgunj Nepal
vnng=Nepalgunj Nepal
gan=Gan Island Maldives
vrmg=Gan Island Maldives
haq=Haa Dhaalu Atoll Maldives
vrmh=Haa Dhaalu Atoll Maldives
kdo=Laamu Atoll Maldives
vrmk=Laamu Atoll Maldives
maq=Tak Thailand
vtpm=Tak Thailand
bmv=Buonmethuot Vietnam
vvbm=Buonmethuot Vietnam
hph=Haiphong Vietnam
vvci=Haiphong Vietnam
cxr=Nha Trang Vietnam
vvcr=Nha Trang Vietnam
vcs=Conson Vietnam
vvcs=Conson Vietnam
vca=Can Tho Vietnam
vvct=Can Tho Vietnam
din=Dienbienphu Vietnam
vvdb=Dienbienphu Vietnam
uih=Phucat Vietnam
vvpc=Phucat Vietnam
pxu=Pleiku Vietnam
vvpk=Pleiku Vietnam
vii=Vinh Vietnam
vvvh=Vinh Vietnam
bmo=Banmaw Burma
vybm=Banmaw Burma
tvy=Dawei Burma
vydw=Dawei Burma
kaw=Kawthoung Burma
vykt=Kawthoung Burma
liw=Loikaw Burma
vylk=Loikaw Burma
mnu=Mawlamyine Burma
vymm=Mawlamyine Burma
bsx=Pathein Burma
vypn=Pathein Burma
pkk=Pakhokku Burma
vypu=Pakhokku Burma
swq=Sumbawa Island Indonesia
wads=Sumbawa Island Indonesia
tmc=Waikabubak-Sumba Island Indonesia
wadt=Waikabubak-Sumba Island Indonesia
bui=Bokondini-Papua Island Indonesia
wajb=Bokondini-Papua Island Indonesia
seh=Senggeh-Papua Island Indonesia
wajs=Senggeh-Papua Island Indonesia
tjs=Tanjung Selor-Borneo Island Indonesia
walg=Tanjung Selor-Borneo Island Indonesia
dtd=Datadawai-Borneo Island Indonesia
walj=Datadawai-Borneo Island Indonesia
bej=Tanjung Redep-Borneo Island Indonesia
walk=Tanjung Redep-Borneo Island Indonesia
tjg=Tanjung-Borneo Island Indonesia
waon=Tanjung-Borneo Island Indonesia
smq=Sampit-Borneo Island Indonesia
waos=Sampit-Borneo Island Indonesia
luv=Langgur-Kei Islands Indonesia
wapl=Langgur-Kei Islands Indonesia
ard=Alor Island Indonesia
watm=Alor Island Indonesia
blg=Belaga Malaysia
wbgc=Belaga Malaysia
lgl=Long Datih Malaysia
wbgf=Long Datih Malaysia
odn=Long Seridan Malaysia
wbgi=Long Seridan Malaysia
mkm=Mukah Malaysia
wbgk=Mukah Malaysia
bkm=Bakalalan Malaysia
wbgq=Bakalalan Malaysia
lwy=Lawas Malaysia
wbgw=Lawas Malaysia
bbn=Bario Malaysia
wbgz=Bario Malaysia
tmg=Tomanggong Malaysia
wbkm=Tomanggong Malaysia
kud=Kudat Malaysia
wbkt=Kudat Malaysia
tkg=Bandar Lampung-Sumatra Island Indonesia
wict=Bandar Lampung-Sumatra Island Indonesia
hlp=Jakarta Indonesia
wihh=Jakarta Indonesia
ntx=Ranai-Natuna Besar Island Indonesia
wion=Ranai-Natuna Besar Island Indonesia
psu=Putussibau-Borneo Island Indonesia
wiop=Putussibau-Borneo Island Indonesia
sqg=Sintang-Borneo Island Indonesia
wios=Sintang-Borneo Island Indonesia
pdo=Talang Gudang-Sumatra Island Indonesia
wipq=Talang Gudang-Sumatra Island Indonesia
lsw=Lhok Seumawe-Sumatra Island Indonesia
witm=Lhok Seumawe-Sumatra Island Indonesia
pkg=Pangkor Island Malaysia
wmpa=Pangkor Island Malaysia
kbu=Laut Island Indonesia
wrbk=Laut Island Indonesia
lbw=Long Bawan-Borneo Island Indonesia
wrlb=Long Bawan-Borneo Island Indonesia
nnx=Nunukan-Nunukan Island Indonesia
wrlf=Nunukan-Nunukan Island Indonesia
lpu=Long Apung-Borneo Island Indonesia
wrlp=Long Apung-Borneo Island Indonesia
alh=Albany Australia
yaba=Albany Australia
gyl=Argyle Australia
yarg=Argyle Australia
auu=Aurukun Australia
yaur=Aurukun Australia
bci=Barcaldine Australia
ybar=Barcaldine Australia
bdd=Badu Island Australia
ybau=Badu Island Australia
bvi=Birdsville Australia
ybdv=Birdsville Australia
bhq=Broken Hill Australia
ybhi=Broken Hill Australia
hti=Hamilton Island Australia
ybhm=Hamilton Island Australia
beu=Bedourie Australia
ybie=Bedourie Australia
brk=Bourke Australia
ybke=Bourke Australia
buc=Burketown Australia
ybkt=Burketown Australia
gic=Boigu Australia
yboi=Boigu Australia
oky=Oakey Australia
ybok=Oakey Australia
bql=Boulia Australia
ybou=Boulia Australia
bhs=Bathurst Australia
ybth=Bathurst Australia
blt=Blackwater Australia
ybtr=Blackwater Australia
cvq=Carnarvon Australia
ycar=Carnarvon Australia
caz=Cobar Australia
ycba=Cobar Australia
cpd=Coober Pedy Australia
ycbp=Coober Pedy Australia
cnc=Coconut Island Australia
ycct=Coconut Island Australia
cnj=Cloncurry Australia
yccy=Cloncurry Australia
ced=Ceduna Australia
ycdu=Ceduna Australia
ctn=Cooktown Australia
yckn=Cooktown Australia
cma=Cunnamulla Australia
ycmu=Cunnamulla Australia
cnb=Coonamble Australia
ycnm=Coonamble Australia
cuq=Coen Australia
ycoe=Coen Australia
oom=Cooma Australia
ycom=Cooma Australia
dmd=Doomadgee Australia
ydmg=Doomadgee Australia
nlf=Darnley Island Australia
ydni=Darnley Island Australia
dpo=Devonport Australia
ydpo=Devonport Australia
elc=Elcho Island Australia
yeld=Elcho Island Australia
epr=Esperance Australia
yesp=Esperance Australia
fls=Flinders Island Australia
yfli=Flinders Island Australia
get=Geraldton Australia
ygel=Geraldton Australia
glt=Gladstone Australia
ygla=Gladstone Australia
gte=Groote Eylandt Australia
ygte=Groote Eylandt Australia
gff=Griffith Australia
ygth=Griffith Australia
hid=Horn Island Australia
yhid=Horn Island Australia
hok=Hooker Creek Australia
yhoo=Hooker Creek Australia
mhu=Mount Hotham Australia
yhot=Mount Hotham Australia
hgd=Hughenden Australia
yhug=Hughenden Australia
jck=Julia Creek Australia
yjlc=Julia Creek Australia
kax=Kalbarri Australia
ykbr=Kalbarri Australia
kns=King Island Australia
ykii=King Island Australia
kfg=Kalkgurung Australia
ykkg=Kalkgurung Australia
krb=Karumba Australia
ykmb=Karumba Australia
kwm=Kowanyama Australia
ykow=Kowanyama Australia
kug=Kubin Australia
ykub=Kubin Australia
lno=Leonora Australia
yleo=Leonora Australia
lel=Lake Evella Australia
ylev=Lake Evella Australia
ldh=Lord Howe Island Australia
ylhi=Lord Howe Island Australia
irg=Lockhart River Australia
ylhr=Lockhart River Australia
lsy=Lismore Australia
ylis=Lismore Australia
lhg=Lightning Ridge Australia
ylrd=Lightning Ridge Australia
lre=Longreach Australia
ylre=Longreach Australia
ler=Leinster Australia
ylst=Leinster Australia
lvo=Laverton Australia
yltn=Laverton Australia
ubb=Mabuiag Island Australia
ymaa=Mabuiag Island Australia
mkr=Meekatharra Australia
ymek=Meekatharra Australia
mim=Merimbula Australia
ymer=Merimbula Australia
mgt=Milingimbi Australia
ymgb=Milingimbi Australia
mng=Maningrida Australia
ymgd=Maningrida Australia
mcv=McArthur River Mine Australia
ymhu=McArthur River Mine Australia
mql=Mildura Australia
ymia=Mildura Australia
mmg=Mount Magnet Australia
ymog=Mount Magnet Australia
mrz=Moree Australia
ymor=Moree Australia
mov=Moranbah Australia
ymrb=Moranbah Australia
mya=Moruya Australia
ymry=Moruya Australia
mgb=Mount Gambier Australia
ymtg=Mount Gambier Australia
ong=Mornington Island Australia
ymti=Mornington Island Australia
myi=Murray Island Australia
ymui=Murray Island Australia
mbh=Maryborough Australia
ymyb=Maryborough Australia
nra=Narrandera Australia
ynar=Narrandera Australia
naa=Narrabri Australia
ynbr=Narrabri Australia
ntn=Normanton Australia
yntn=Normanton Australia
zne=Newman Australia
ynwn=Newman Australia
olp=Olympic Dam Australia
yold=Olympic Dam Australia
pug=Argyle Australia
ypag=Argyle Australia
pmk=Palm Island Australia
ypam=Palm Island Australia
pbo=Paraburdoo Australia
ypbo=Paraburdoo Australia
cck=Cocos Keeling Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands
ypcc=Cocos Keeling Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands
gov=Gove Australia
ypgv=Gove Australia
pke=Parkes Australia
ypks=Parkes Australia
plo=Port Lincoln Australia
yplc=Port Lincoln Australia
edr=Pormpuraaw Australia
ypmp=Pormpuraaw Australia
pqq=Port Macquarie Australia
ypmq=Port Macquarie Australia
ptj=Portland Australia
ypod=Portland Australia
ulp=Quilpie Australia
yqlp=Quilpie Australia
ram=Ramingining Australia
yrng=Ramingining Australia
rma=Roma Australia
yrom=Roma Australia
sgo=St George Australia
ysge=St George Australia
mjk=Shark Bay Australia
yshk=Shark Bay Australia
sbr=Saibai Island Australia
ysii=Saibai Island Australia
srn=Strahan Australia
ysrn=Strahan Australia
xtg=Thargomindah Australia
ytgm=Thargomindah Australia
tca=Tennant Creek Australia
ytnk=Tennant Creek Australia
vcd=Victoria River Downs Australia
yvrd=Victoria River Downs Australia
syu=Sue Islet Australia
ywbs=Sue Islet Australia
wnr=Windorah Australia
ywdh=Windorah Australia
wya=Whyalla Australia
ywha=Whyalla Australia
wun=Wiluna Australia
ywlu=Wiluna Australia
wol=Wollongong Australia
ywol=Wollongong Australia
win=Winton Australia
ywtn=Winton Australia
bwt=Burnie Australia
ywyy=Burnie Australia
okr=Yorke Island Australia
yyki=Yorke Island Australia
xmy=Yam Island Australia
yymi=Yam Island Australia
nay=Beijing China
zbbb=Beijing China
cif=Chifeng China
zbcf=Chifeng China
cih=Changzhi China
zbcz=Changzhi China
dat=Datong China
zbdt=Datong China
het=Hohhot China
zbhh=Hohhot China
bav=Baotou China
zbow=Baotou China
sjw=Shijiazhuang China
zbsj=Shijiazhuang China
tgo=Tongliao China
zbtl=Tongliao China
hlh=Ulanhot China
zbul=Ulanhot China
xil=Xilinhot China
zbxh=Xilinhot China
bhy=Beihai China
zgbh=Beihai China
cgd=Changde China
zgcd=Changde China
dyg=Dayong China
zgdy=Dayong China
mxz=Meixian China
zgmx=Meixian China
zuh=Zhuhai China
zgsd=Zhuhai China
lzh=Liuzhou China
zgzh=Liuzhou China
zha=Zhanjiang China
zgzj=Zhanjiang China
enh=Enshi China
zhes=Enshi China
nny=Nanyang China
zhny=Nanyang China
xfn=Xiangfan China
zhxf=Xiangfan China
yih=Yichang China
zhyc=Yichang China
aka=Ankang China
zlak=Ankang China
goq=Golmud China
zlgm=Golmud China
hzg=Hanzhong China
zlhz=Hanzhong China
iqn=Qingyang China
zlqy=Qingyang China
xnn=Xining China
zlxn=Xining China
eny=Yan'an China
zlya=Yan'an China
uyn=Yulin China
zlyl=Yulin China
avk=Arvaikheer Mongolia
zmah=Arvaikheer Mongolia
lti=Altai Mongolia
zmat=Altai Mongolia
byn=Bayankhongor Mongolia
zmbh=Bayankhongor Mongolia
dlz=Dalanzadgad Mongolia
zmdz=Dalanzadgad Mongolia
hvd=Khovd Mongolia
zmkd=Khovd Mongolia
mxv=Muren Mongolia
zmmn=Muren Mongolia
dig=Shangri-La China
zpdq=Shangri-La China
lum=Luxi China
zplx=Luxi China
sym=Simao China
zpsm=Simao China
zat=Zhaotong China
zpzt=Zhaotong China
kow=Ganzhou China
zsgz=Ganzhou China
jdz=Jingdezhen China
zsjd=Jingdezhen China
jiu=Jiujiang China
zsjj=Jiujiang China
juz=Quzhou China
zsju=Quzhou China
lyg=Lianyungang China
zslg=Lianyungang China
hyn=Huangyan China
zslq=Huangyan China
lyi=Linyi China
zsly=Linyi China
jjn=Quanzhou China
zsqz=Quanzhou China
txn=Huangshan China
zstx=Huangshan China
wef=Weifang China
zswf=Weifang China
weh=Weihai China
zswh=Weihai China
wux=Wuxi China
zswx=Wuxi China
wus=Wuyishan China
zswy=Wuyishan China
wnz=Wenzhou China
zswz=Wenzhou China
ynz=Yancheng China
zsyn=Yancheng China
yiw=Yiwu China
zsyw=Yiwu China
hsn=Zhoushan China
zszs=Zhoushan China
bpx=Bangda China
zubd=Bangda China
dax=Dazhou China
zudx=Dazhou China
gys=Guangyuan China
zugu=Guangyuan China
lzo=Luzhou China
zulz=Luzhou China
mig=Mianyang China
zumy=Mianyang China
nao=Nanchong China
zunc=Nanchong China
lzy=Nyingchi China
zunz=Nyingchi China
wxn=Wanxian China
zuwx=Wanxian China
aku=Aksu China
zwak=Aksu China
iqm=Qiemo China
zwcm=Qiemo China
kca=Kuqa China
zwkc=Kuqa China
krl=Korla China
zwkl=Korla China
kry=Karamay China
zwkm=Karamay China
yin=Yining China
zwyn=Yining China
hek=Heihe China
zyhe=Heihe China
jmu=Jiamusi China
zyjm=Jiamusi China
jnz=Jinzhou China
zyjz=Jinzhou China
ndg=Qiqihar China
zyqq=Qiqihar China
ynj=Yanji China
zyyj=Yanji China
wme=Mount Keith Australia
ymne=Mount Keith Australia
lrv=Los Roques Venezuela
svrs=Los Roques Venezuela
ior=Inis Mor Ireland
eiim=Inis Mor Ireland
nnr=Indreabhan Ireland
eica=Indreabhan Ireland
gti=Ruegen Germany
edcg=Ruegen Germany
nbb=Berezovo Russia
ushb=Berezovo Russia
epsd=Szczecin Poland
orh=Worcester United States
korh=Worcester United States
aqg=Anqing China
zsaq=Anqing China
jgs=Ji An China
shp=Qinhuangdao China
zbsh=Qinhuangdao China
ycu=Yuncheng China
zbyc=Yuncheng China
lhw=Lanzhou China
zlan=Lanzhou China
jgn=Jiayuguan China
zljq=Jiayuguan China
ddg=Dandong China
zydd=Dandong China
dsn=Dongsheng China
zbds=Dongsheng China
pzi=Panzhihua China
zuzh=Panzhihua China
kane=Anoka United States
zve=New Haven United States
dib=Dibrugarh India
xoz=Doha Qatar
pwt=Bremerton United States
kpwt=Bremerton United States
spw=Spencer United States
kspw=Spencer United States
jef=Jefferson City United States
kjef=Jefferson City United States
gcw=Grand Canyon West United States
bld=Boulder City United States
kbvu=Boulder City United States
edmt=Tannheim Germany
unt=Unst United Kingdom
egpw=Unst United Kingdom
wa19=Pagerungan Indonesia
pvc=Provincetown United States
kpvc=Provincetown United States
lke=Seattle United States
kw55=Seattle United States
wbak=Seria Brunei
%u0=Nazran Russia
%u04=Nazran Russia
sbh=Gustavia France
tffj=Gustavia France
tza=Belize Belize
uuba=Kostroma Russia
sui=Sukhumi Georgia
ugss=Sukhumi Georgia
tbw=Tambow Russia
uuot=Tambow Russia
obn=North Connel United Kingdom
egeo=North Connel United Kingdom
fsz=Shizuoka Japan
rjns=Shizuoka Japan
erm=Erechim Brazil
sser=Erechim Brazil
lsgp=Prangins Switzerland
cvf=Courcheval France
lflj=Courcheval France
ful=Fullerton United States
kful=Fullerton United States
kjqf=Concord United States
eghn=Isle Of Wight United Kingdom
fwm=Fort William United Kingdom
nvi=Navoi Uzbekistan
utsa=Navoi Uzbekistan
jpu=Paris France
lfcd=Andernos-Les-Bains France
rra=Ronda Spain
edoi=Nauen Germany
qsf=Setif Algeria
daas=Setif Algeria
lrh=La Rochelle France
lfbh=La Rochelle France
sun=Hailey United States
ksun=Hailey United States
lsgy=Yverdon-Les-Bains Switzerland
pme=Portsmouth United Kingdom
epba=Bielsko-Biala Poland
mcw=Mason City United States
kmcw=Mason City United States
logo=Niederoeblarn Austria
loav=Bad Voeslau Austria
edhe=Uetersen Germany
jng=Jining China
ohe=Mohe County China
daq=Daqing China
iar=Yaroslavl Russia
uudl=Yaroslavl Russia
uiib=Sredniiy Russia
uhkd=Komsomolsk-on-Amur Russia
uhht=Khabarovsk Russia
uiir=Irkutsk Russia
uubw=Ramenskoe Russia
urkg=Gelendzhik Russia
urrt=Taganrog Russia
qnc=Neuchatel Switzerland
lsgn=Neuchatel Switzerland
zji=Locarno Switzerland
lszl=Locarno Switzerland
lszk=Fehraltorf Switzerland
lsgl=Lausanne Switzerland
lspn=Triengen Switzerland
rmt=Rimatara French Polynesia
ntam=Rimatara French Polynesia
ukx=Ust-Kut Russia
uitt=Ust-Kut Russia
uikk=Kirensk Russia
1oh=St. Marys United States
bn1=Bellona Solomon Islands
bny=Bellona Solomon Islands
rin=Ringi Cove Solomon Islands
agrc=Ringi Cove Solomon Islands
are=Arecibo Puerto Rico
tjab=Arecibo Puerto Rico
eat=Wenatchee United States
keat=Wenatchee United States
ybdg=Bendigo Australia
jdr=Sao Joao del Rei Brazil
ypea=Perth Australia
age=Wangerooge Germany
edwg=Wangerooge Germany
edxp=Harlesiel Germany
osh=Oshkosh United States
kosh=Oshkosh United States
bqt=Brest Belarus
umbb=Brest Belarus
tnl=Ternopol Ukraine
uklt=Ternopol Ukraine
cej=Chernigov Ukraine
ukrr=Chernigov Ukraine
ukc=Lutsk Ukraine
uklc=Lutsk Ukraine
beh=Benton Harbor United States
ues=Waukesha United States
noa=Nowra Australia
ysnw=Nowra Australia
ylvt=Laverton Australia
ktr=Katherine Australia
yptn=Katherine Australia
yamb=Amberley Australia
geir=Geiranger Norway
lowz=Zell am See Austria
10c=Greenwood United States
x01=Everglades United States
coq=Choibalsan Mongolia
zmcd=Choibalsan Mongolia
tro=Taree Australia
ytre=Taree Australia
oag=Orange Australia
yorg=Orange Australia
gfn=Grafton Australia
ygfn=Grafton Australia
mrq=Gasan Philippines
rpuw=Gasan Philippines
hdm=Hamadan Iran
oihh=Hamadan Iran
yif=St-Augustin Canada
cyif=St-Augustin Canada
vqs=Vieques Island Puerto Rico
tjcg=Vieques Island Puerto Rico
kmv=Kalemyo Myanmar
vykl=Kalemyo Myanmar
lss=Les Saintes Guadeloupe
tffs=Les Saintes Guadeloupe
yei=Yenisehir Turkey
ltbr=Yenisehir Turkey
teq=Çorlu Turkey
ltbu=Çorlu Turkey
sic=Sinop Turkey
ltcm=Sinop Turkey
msr=Mus Turkey
ltck=Mus Turkey
ckz=Canakkale Turkey
ltbh=Canakkale Turkey
aoe=Eskissehir Turkey
ltby=Eskissehir Turkey
mpa=Mpacha Namibia
fykm=Mpacha Namibia
wvb=Walvis Bay Namibia
fywb=Walvis Bay Namibia
pdp=Punta del Este Uruguay
suls=Punta del Este Uruguay
skt=Sialkot Pakistan
opst=Sialkot Pakistan
yvb=Bonaventure Canada
cyvb=Bonaventure Canada
bhg=Brus Laguna Honduras
mhbl=Brus Laguna Honduras
uas=Samburu South Kenya
hksb=Samburu South Kenya
chg=Chaoyang China
zycy=Chaoyang China
wlh=Walaha Vanuatu
nvsw=Walaha Vanuatu
tgc=Tanjung Manis Malaysia
wbtm=Tanjung Manis Malaysia
lkh=Long Akah Malaysia
wbgl=Long Akah Malaysia
egn=Geneina Sudan
hsgn=Geneina Sudan
tog=Togiak Village United States
patg=Togiak Village United States
pth=Port Heiden United States
paph=Port Heiden United States
kvc=King Cove United States
pavc=King Cove United States
knw=New Stuyahok United States
panw=New Stuyahok United States
igg=Igiugig United States
paig=Igiugig United States
slv=Shimla India
vism=Shimla India
ndc=Nanded India
vand=Nanded India
dhm=Kangra India
vigg=Kangra India
cqd=Shahre Kord Iran
oifs=Shahre Kord Iran
egm=Sege Solomon Islands
aggs=Sege Solomon Islands
rgs=Burgos Spain
lebg=Burgos Spain
len=Leon Spain
leln=Leon Spain
drg=Deering United States
pade=Deering United States
afs=Zarafshan Uzbekistan
utsn=Zarafshan Uzbekistan
mqm=Mardin Turkey
ltcr=Mardin Turkey
tcg=Tacheng China
zwtc=Tacheng China
spch=Tocache Peru
lgq=Lago Agrio Ecuador
sela=Lago Agrio Ecuador
pfq=Parsabad Iran
oitp=Parsabad Iran
iil=Ilam Iran
oici=Ilam Iran
gbt=Gorgan Iran
oing=Gorgan Iran
acp=Maragheh Iran
oitm=Maragheh Iran
tbh=Romblon Philippines
rpvu=Romblon Philippines
wuz=Wuzhou China
zgwz=Wuzhou China
hmi=Hami China
zwhm=Hami China
sdp=Sand Point United States
pasd=Sand Point United States
gop=Gorakhpur India
vegk=Gorakhpur India
acr=Araracuara Colombia
skac=Araracuara Colombia
hgr=Hagerstown United States
khgr=Hagerstown United States
qbc=Bella Coola Canada
cybd=Bella Coola Canada
pja=Pajala Sweden
esup=Pajala Sweden
kpc=Port Clarence United States
papc=Port Clarence United States
gvr=Governador Valadares Brazil
sbgv=Governador Valadares Brazil
kvk=Apatity Russia
ulmk=Apatity Russia
cyz=Cauayan Philippines
rpuy=Cauayan Philippines
tmu=Nicoya Costa Rica
mrtr=Nicoya Costa Rica
fon=La Fortuna/San Carlos Costa Rica
mran=La Fortuna/San Carlos Costa Rica
qow=Imo Nigeria
dnim=Imo Nigeria
arc=Arctic Village United States
parc=Arctic Village United States
ytq=Tasiujaq Canada
cytq=Tasiujaq Canada
ypx=Puvirnituq Canada
cypx=Puvirnituq Canada
omc=Ormoc City Philippines
rpvo=Ormoc City Philippines
wtk=Noatak United States
pawn=Noatak United States
sva=Savoonga United States
pasa=Savoonga United States
shh=Shishmaref United States
pash=Shishmaref United States
rby=Ruby United States
pary=Ruby United States
pho=Point Hope United States
ppho=Point Hope United States
myu=Mekoryuk United States
pamy=Mekoryuk United States
kvl=Kivalina United States
pavl=Kivalina United States
ksm=St Mary's United States
pasm=St Mary's United States
kal=Kaltag United States
pakv=Kaltag United States
hpb=Hooper Bay United States
pahp=Hooper Bay United States
gam=Gambell United States
pagm=Gambell United States
atk=Atqasuk United States
patq=Atqasuk United States
anv=Anvik United States
panv=Anvik United States
akp=Anaktuvuk Pass United States
pakp=Anaktuvuk Pass United States
aat=Altay China
zwat=Altay China
lqtz=Null Bosnia and Herzegovina
knfw=Dallas United States
ela=Naypyidaw Burma
vyel=Naypyidaw Burma
vyxg=Kyauktu Burma
zxb=Jan Mayen Norway
enja=Jan Mayen Norway
vybp=Bokepyin Burma
hha=Changsha China
nzh=Manzhouli China
wua=Wuhai China
zbuh=Wuhai China
gyy=Gary United States
kgyy=Gary United States
brd=Brainerd United States
kbrd=Brainerd United States
lwb=Lewisburg United States
klwb=Lewisburg United States
pgv=Greenville United States
kpgv=Greenville United States
cyf=Chefornak United States
pack=Chefornak United States
oxr=Oxnard United States
koxr=Oxnard United States
bkg=Branson United States
kbbg=Branson United States
ten=Tongren China
zutr=Tongren China
knc=Jian China
zsja=Jian China
zbp=Baltimore United States
zyp=New York United States
niu=Niau French Polynesia
ntkn=Niau French Polynesia
sch=Scotia NY United States
ksch=Scotia NY United States
nbc=Nizhnekamsk Russia
uwke=Nizhnekamsk Russia
gsum=Greenland Ice Cap Greenland
qrw=Osubi Nigeria
dnsu=Osubi Nigeria
ehvk=Volkel Netherlands
rpns=Siargao Philippines
lgo=Langeoog Germany
edwl=Langeoog Germany
fne=Fane Papua New Guinea
itk=Itokama Papua New Guinea
onb=Ononge Papua New Guinea
tpi=Tapini Papua New Guinea
agl=Wanigela Papua New Guinea
wtp=Woitape Papua New Guinea
awb=Awaba Papua New Guinea
tfm=Telefomin Papua New Guinea
lszp=Biel Switzerland
nlp=Nelspruit South Africa
fans=Nelspruit South Africa
ckc=Cherkassy Ukraine
ukke=Cherkassy Ukraine
ust=St. Augustine Airport United States
ksgj=St. Augustine Airport United States
nlv=Nikolayev Ukraine
ukon=Nikolayev Ukraine
rhp=Ramechhap Nepal
vnrc=Ramechhap Nepal
sts=Santa Rosa United States
ksts=Santa Rosa United States
ism=Kissimmee United States
kism=Kissimmee United States
lcq=Lake City United States
klcq=Lake City United States
kded=DeLand United States
7fl4=Green Cove Springs United States
slpa=Santa Lucia Peru
lgu=Logan United States
klgu=Logan United States
bmc=Brigham City United States
kbmc=Brigham City United States
mld=Malad City United States
kmld=Malad City United States
ase=Aspen United States
kase=Aspen United States
hhh=Hilton Head United States
khhh=Hilton Head United States
ulv=Ulyanovsk Russia
uwll=Ulyanovsk Russia
utod=Horog Tajikistan
gss=Sabi Sabi South Africa
zfv=Philadelphia United States
bwd=Brownwood United States
lxy=Mexia United States
erv=Kerrville United States
kerv=Kerrville United States
lszf=Birrfeld Switzerland
ged=Georgetown United States
kged=Georgetown United States
zsw=Prince Rupert Canada
czsw=Prince Rupert Canada
gbn=Great Bend United States
kgbd=Great Bend United States
hys=Hays United States
khys=Hays United States
sus=Null United States
ksus=Null United States
lyu=Ely United States
kelo=Ely United States
gpz=Grand Rapids MN United States
kgpz=Grand Rapids MN United States
tvf=Thief River Falls United States
ktvf=Thief River Falls United States
egv=Eagle River United States
kegv=Eagle River United States
arv=Minocqua - Woodruff United States
karv=Minocqua - Woodruff United States
ikv=Ankeny United States
kikv=Ankeny United States
ybv=Berens River Canada
cybv=Berens River Canada
ngp=Corpus Christi United States
kngp=Corpus Christi United States
ypi=Port Simpson Canada
cypi=Port Simpson Canada
avx=Catalina Island United States
kavx=Catalina Island United States
mhv=Mojave United States
kmhv=Mojave United States
zin=Interlaken Switzerland
lsmi=Interlaken Switzerland
keh=Kenmore United States
czh=Corozal Belize
inq=Inisheer Ireland
eiir=Inisheer Ireland
swt=Strezhevoy Russia
unss=Strezhevoy Russia
hut=Hutchinson United States
khut=Hutchinson United States
bpm=Kabul Afghanistan
oaix=Kabul Afghanistan
oeps=Al Kharj Saudi Arabia
ega=Eagle United States
gdz=Gelendzik Russia
stj=Rosecrans United States
kstj=Rosecrans United States
zrt=Hartford United States
ztf=Stamford United States
zrp=Newark United States
lhpa=Papa Hungary
ndz=Cuxhaven Germany
kndz=Cuxhaven Germany
vok=Camp Douglas United States
kvok=Camp Douglas United States
kbft=Beauford United States
uab=Adana Turkey
kuab=Adana Turkey
guc=Gunnison United States
kguc=Gunnison United States
sia=Xi\\'AN China
zlsn=Xi\\'AN China
toa=Torrance United States
ktoa=Torrance United States
mbl=Manistee United States
kmbl=Manistee United States
phik=Honolulu United States
pgd=Punta Gorda United States
kpgd=Punta Gorda United States
jgc=Grand Canyon United States
wfk=Frenchville United States
kfve=Frenchville United States
jhw=Jamestown United States
kjhw=Jamestown United States
ytm=Mont-Tremblant Canada
cyfj=Mont-Tremblant Canada
sme=Somerset United States
ksme=Somerset United States
shd=Weyers Cave United States
kshd=Weyers Cave United States
dvl=Devils Lake United States
kdvl=Devils Lake United States
dik=Dickinson United States
kdik=Dickinson United States
sdy=Sidney United States
ksdy=Sidney United States
cdr=Chadron United States
kcdr=Chadron United States
aia=Alliance United States
kaia=Alliance United States
mck=McCook United States
kmck=McCook United States
mth=Marathon United States
kmth=Marathon United States
gdv=Glendive United States
kgdv=Glendive United States
olf=Wolf Point United States
kolf=Wolf Point United States
wys=West Yellowstone United States
kwys=West Yellowstone United States
als=Alamosa United States
kals=Alamosa United States
cny=Moab United States
kcny=Moab United States
ely=Ely United States
kely=Ely United States
vel=Vernal United States
kvel=Vernal United States
srr=Ruidoso United States
ksrr=Ruidoso United States
sow=Show Low United States
ksow=Show Low United States
myl=McCall United States
kmyl=McCall United States
smn=Salmon United States
ksmn=Salmon United States
mmh=Mammoth Lakes United States
kmmh=Mammoth Lakes United States
frd=Friday Harbor United States
kfhr=Friday Harbor United States
esd=Eastsound United States
kors=Eastsound United States
ots=Anacortes United States
ast=Astoria United States
kast=Astoria United States
onp=Newport United States
knop=Newport United States
emk=Emmonak United States
paem=Emmonak United States
unk=Unalakleet United States
paun=Unalakleet United States
uuk=Kuparuk United States
paku=Kuparuk United States
shx=Shageluk United States
pahx=Shageluk United States
chu=Chuathbaluk United States
pach=Chuathbaluk United States
nui=Nuiqsut United States
paqt=Nuiqsut United States
eek=Eek United States
paee=Eek United States
kuk=Kasigluk United States
pfka=Kasigluk United States
kwt=Kwethluk United States
pfkw=Kwethluk United States
kwk=Kwigillingok United States
pagg=Kwigillingok United States
mll=Marshall United States
padm=Marshall United States
rsh=Russian Mission United States
pars=Russian Mission United States
wtl=Tuntutuliak United States
kek=Ekwok United States
kgk=Koliganek United States
pajz=Koliganek United States
kll=Levelock United States
kmo=Manokotak United States
pamb=Manokotak United States
twa=Twin Hills United States
cik=Chalkyitsik United States
paci=Chalkyitsik United States
eaa=Eagle United States
paeg=Eagle United States
hus=Hughes United States
pahu=Hughes United States
hsl=Huslia United States
pahl=Huslia United States
liv=Livingood United States
mnt=Minto United States
nul=Nulato United States
panu=Nulato United States
rmp=Rampart United States
tal=Tanana United States
vee=Venetie United States
pave=Venetie United States
wbq=Beaver United States
pawb=Beaver United States
cem=Central United States
pace=Central United States
shg=Shungnak United States
pagh=Shungnak United States
kbc=Brich Creek United States
cxf=Coldfoot United States
iyk=Inyokern United States
kiyk=Inyokern United States
vis=Visalia United States
kvis=Visalia United States
mce=Merced United States
kmce=Merced United States
cyr=Colonia Uruguay
suca=Colonia Uruguay
sulo=Camelo Uruguay
cpq=Campinas Brazil
sdam=Campinas Brazil
kgyr=Goodyear United States
twb=Toowoomba Australia
ytwb=Toowoomba Australia
ylle=Ballera Australia
ygat=Gatton Australia
ayk=Arkalyk Kazakhstan
uaur=Arkalyk Kazakhstan
zz06=Hamburg Germany
zz05=Neujellingsdorf Germany
edtn=Kirchheim-Teck Germany
agn=Angoon United States
pagn=Angoon United States
elv=Elfin Cove United States
pael=Elfin Cove United States
tke=Tenakee Springs United States
pec=Pelican United States
cym=Sitka United States
fnr=Funter Bay United States
panr=Funter Bay United States
exi=Excursion Inlet United States
hnh=Hoonah United States
paoh=Hoonah United States
afe=Kake United States
pafe=Kake United States
cga=Craig United States
hyl=Hollis United States
mtm=Metakatla United States
pamm=Metakatla United States
ktb=Thorne Bay United States
hyg=Hydaburg United States
pahy=Hydaburg United States
whd=Hyder United States
kpb=Point Baker United States
ppv=Port Protection United States
wwp=North Whale Pass United States
kcq=Chignik Lake United States
egx=Egegik United States
paii=Egegik United States
kcl=Chignik Lagoon United States
kbw=Chignik United States
kpv=Perryville United States
pape=Perryville United States
pip=Pilot Point United States
papn=Pilot Point United States
wsn=South Naknek United States
pfws=South Naknek United States
akk=Akhiok United States
pakh=Akhiok United States
kyk=Karluk United States
paky=Karluk United States
kln=Larsen Bay United States
palb=Larsen Bay United States
olh=Old Harbor United States
koz=Ouzinkie United States
ori=Port Lions United States
alz=Lazy Bay United States
aos=Amook Bay United States
kkb=Kitoi Bay United States
kmy=Moser Bay United States
koy=Olga Bay United States
kpy=Port Bailey United States
kpr=Port Williams United States
syb=Seal Bay United States
wsj=San Juan United States
kwp=West Point United States
kzb=Zachar Bay United States
abl=Ambler United States
pafm=Ambler United States
bkc=Buckland United States
pabl=Buckland United States
ian=Kiana United States
paik=Kiana United States
obu=Kobuk United States
paob=Kobuk United States
orv=Noorvik United States
pfno=Noorvik United States
wlk=Selawik United States
pask=Selawik United States
kts=Brevig Mission United States
pfkt=Brevig Mission United States
eli=Elim United States
pfel=Elim United States
glv=Golovin United States
pagl=Golovin United States
tla=Teller United States
pate=Teller United States
waa=Wales United States
paiw=Wales United States
wmo=White Mountain United States
pawm=White Mountain United States
cil=Council United States
kka=Koyuk United States
pakk=Koyuk United States
smk=St. Michael United States
pamk=St. Michael United States
skk=Shaktoolik United States
pfsh=Shaktoolik United States
wbb=Stebbins United States
tnc=Tin City United States
patc=Tin City United States
akb=Atka United States
paak=Atka United States
iko=Nikolski United States
pako=Nikolski United States
icy=Icy Bay United States
cyt=Yakataga United States
pacy=Yakataga United States
auk=Alakanuk United States
pauk=Alakanuk United States
sxp=Nunam Iqua United States
kpn=Kipnuk United States
paki=Kipnuk United States
kfp=False Pass United States
pakf=False Pass United States
nlg=Nelson Lagoon United States
paou=Nelson Lagoon United States
pml=Cold Bay United States
paal=Cold Bay United States
klw=Klawock United States
pakw=Klawock United States
kwn=Quinhagak United States
paqh=Quinhagak United States
kot=Kotlik United States
pfko=Kotlik United States
kyu=Koyukuk United States
pfku=Koyukuk United States
scm=Scammon Bay United States
pacm=Scammon Bay United States
nnl=Nondalton United States
pano=Nondalton United States
pdb=Pedro Bay United States
nup=Nunapitchuk United States
kkh=Kongiganak United States
pady=Kongiganak United States
nib=Nikolai United States
pafs=Nikolai United States
tct=Takotna United States
pqs=Pilot Station United States
aki=Akiak United States
pfak=Akiak United States
tlt=Tuluksak United States
kgx=Grayling United States
ain=Wainwright United States
pawi=Wainwright United States
apz=ZAPALA Argentina
sahz=ZAPALA Argentina
rds=Rincon de los Sauces Argentina
oln=Colonia Sarmiento Argentina
ryo=Rio Turbio Argentina
pnt=Puerto Natales Chile
scnt=Puerto Natales Chile
cvi=Caleta Olivia Argentina
sgv=Sierra Grande Argentina
savs=Sierra Grande Argentina
igb=Ingeniero Jacobacci Argentina
savj=Ingeniero Jacobacci Argentina
elx=El Chalten Argentina
ncn=Chenega United States
pfcb=Chenega United States
czn=Chisana United States
6k8=Tok United States
pfto=Tok United States
irc=Circle United States
pacr=Circle United States
kcc=Coffman Cove United States
ckd=Crooked Creek United States
rdv=Red Devil United States
slq=Sleetmute United States
pasl=Sleetmute United States
srv=Stony River United States
hkb=Healy United States
pahv=Healy United States
kae=Kake United States
aqc=Klawock United States
paqc=Klawock United States
mhm=Lake Minchumina United States
pamh=Lake Minchumina United States
mly=Manley Hot Springs United States
paml=Manley Hot Springs United States
stg=St. George United States
tek=Tatitlek United States
wfb=Ketchikan United States
cnh2=Natuashish Canada
yso=Postville Canada
ccd4=Postville Canada
ywb=Kangiqsujuaq Canada
cykg=Kangiqsujuaq Canada
ytf=Alma Canada
cytf=Alma Canada
ygv=Havre-Saint-Pierre Canada
cygv=Havre-Saint-Pierre Canada
yxk=Rimouski Canada
cyxk=Rimouski Canada
xtl=Tadoule Lake Canada
cybq=Tadoule Lake Canada
xlb=Lac Brochet Canada
czwh=Lac Brochet Canada
xsi=South Indian Lake Canada
czsn=South Indian Lake Canada
ybt=Brochet Canada
cybt=Brochet Canada
zgr=Little Grand Rapids Canada
czgr=Little Grand Rapids Canada
ycr=Cross Lake Canada
cycr=Cross Lake Canada
yrs=Red Sucker Lake Canada
cyrs=Red Sucker Lake Canada
yop=Rainbow Lake Canada
cyop=Rainbow Lake Canada
yby=Bonnyville Canada
cybf=Bonnyville Canada
zna=Nanaimo Canada
cac8=Nanaimo Canada
cax6=Ganges Canada
xqu=Qualicum Beach Canada
yjm=Fort St. James Canada
cyjm=Fort St. James Canada
ydt=Boundary Bay Canada
czbb=Boundary Bay Canada
cynj=Langley Township Canada
zel=Bella Bella Canada
cyjq=Bella Bella Canada
yhs=Sechelt-Gibsons Canada
cfj2=Wekweeti Canada
mm52=Guasave Mexico
mmcd=Cedros Mexico
mmsl=Cabo San Lucas Mexico
pvp=San Bruno Mexico
zyr=Brussels Belgium
cyc=Caye Chapel Belize
bgk=Big Creek Belize
dga=Dangriga Belize
plj=Placencia Belize
sjx=Sarteneja Belize
rni=Corn Island Nicaragua
mnci=Corn Island Nicaragua
bza=Bonanza Nicaragua
mnbz=Bonanza Nicaragua
rfs=Rosita Nicaragua
mnrt=Rosita Nicaragua
siu=Siuna Nicaragua
mnsi=Siuna Nicaragua
wsp=Waspam Nicaragua
mnwp=Waspam Nicaragua
mnsc=San Carlos Nicaragua
rik=Carrillo Costa Rica
mrcr=Carrillo Costa Rica
fus=Fussen Germany
fuss=Fussen Germany
mdjs=Monte Plata Dominican Republic
coz=Constanza Dominican Republic
mdcz=Constanza Dominican Republic
neg=Negril Jamaica
mkng=Negril Jamaica
ebo=Bochum Germany
kfb=Kaufbeuren Germany
zmu=Munich Germany
zaq=Nuernberg Germany
rvr=Ceiba Puerto Rico
tjrv=Ceiba Puerto Rico
rlo=Merlo Argentina
vi22=Charlotte Amalie Virgin Islands
ssb=Christiansted Virgin Islands
arr=Alto Rio Senguer Argentina
savr=Alto Rio Senguer Argentina
jsm=Jose de San Martin Argentina
saws=Jose de San Martin Argentina
uyu=Uyuni Bolivia
sluy=Uyuni Bolivia
zau=Augsburg Germany
zma=Mannheim Germany
zes=Essen Germany
rbq=Rerrenabaque Bolivia
slrq=Rerrenabaque Bolivia
abf=Abaiang Atoll Kiribati
ngab=Abaiang Atoll Kiribati
cps=East St. Louis United States
smaf=Afobaka Suriname
smdu=Alapadu Suriname
abn=Albina Suriname
smbn=Albina Suriname
smla=Anapaike Suriname
smpt=Apetina Suriname
bto=Botopasi Suriname
doe=Djoemoe Suriname
drj=Drietabbetje Suriname
smda=Drietabbetje Suriname
smka=Kabalebo Suriname
smke=Kayser Suriname
smsm=Kwamelasemoetoe Suriname
smmo=Moengo Suriname
ick=Nieuw Nickerie Suriname
smni=Nieuw Nickerie Suriname
oem=Paloemeu Suriname
smpa=Paloemeu Suriname
smsk=Sarakreek Suriname
smsi=Sipaliwini Suriname
smz=Stoelmans Eiland Suriname
smst=Stoelmans Eiland Suriname
tot=Totness Suriname
smco=Totness Suriname
agi=Wageningen Suriname
smwa=Wageningen Suriname
kia=Kaieteur Falls Guyana
pska=Kaieteur Falls Guyana
csc=Guapiles Costa Rica
mrca=Guapiles Costa Rica
orj=Orinduik Guyana
syor=Orinduik Guyana
nai=Annai Guyana
syan=Annai Guyana
syap=Apoteri Guyana
imb=Imbaimadai Guyana
syib=Imbaimadai Guyana
kar=Kamarang Guyana
sykm=Kamarang Guyana
usi=Mabaruma Guyana
symb=Mabaruma Guyana
mha=Mahdia Guyana
symd=Mahdia Guyana
pjc=Pedro Juan Caballero Paraguay
sgpj=Pedro Juan Caballero Paraguay
acd=Acandi Colombia
skad=Acandi Colombia
rve=Saravena Colombia
sksa=Saravena Colombia
lcr=La Chorrera Colombia
uebb=Batagay Russia
lmc=La Macarena Colombia
vgz=Villa Garzon Colombia
skvg=Villa Garzon Colombia
ebg=El Bagre Colombia
skeb=El Bagre Colombia
caq=Caucasia Colombia
skcu=Caucasia Colombia
cog=Condoto Colombia
skcd=Condoto Colombia
tlu=Tolu Colombia
sktl=Tolu Colombia
cfb=Cabo Frio Brazil
sbcb=Cabo Frio Brazil
ops=Sinop Brazil
swsi=Sinop Brazil
grp=Gurupi Brazil
swgi=Gurupi Brazil
cmp=Santana do Araguaia Brazil
snke=Santana do Araguaia Brazil
bvs=Breves Brazil
snvs=Breves Brazil
sfk=Soure Brazil
snsw=Soure Brazil
pin=Parintins Brazil
swpi=Parintins Brazil
bra=Barreiras Brazil
snbr=Barreiras Brazil
stz=Santa Terezinha Brazil
swst=Santa Terezinha Brazil
mqh=Minacu Brazil
sbmc=Minacu Brazil
aux=Araguaina Brazil
swgn=Araguaina Brazil
nvp=Novo Aripuana Brazil
swna=Novo Aripuana Brazil
lvr=Lucas do Rio Verde Brazil
swfe=Lucas do Rio Verde Brazil
frc=Franca Brazil
simk=Franca Brazil
dou=Dourados Brazil
ssdo=Dourados Brazil
lbr=Labrea Brazil
swlb=Labrea Brazil
roo=Rondonopolis Brazil
swrd=Rondonopolis Brazil
gpb=Guarapuava Brazil
sbgu=Guarapuava Brazil
jcb=Joacaba Brazil
ssja=Joacaba Brazil
zxe=Edinburgh United Kingdom
rvd=Rio Verde Brazil
swlc=Rio Verde Brazil
aax=Araxa Brazil
sbax=Araxa Brazil
mbz=Maues Brazil
swmw=Maues Brazil
rbb=Borba Brazil
swbr=Borba Brazil
ciz=Coari Brazil
swko=Coari Brazil
baz=Barcelos Brazil
swbc=Barcelos Brazil
dmt=Diamantino Brazil
swdm=Diamantino Brazil
gnm=Guanambi Brazil
sngi=Guanambi Brazil
qdj=Djelfa Algeria
dafi=Djelfa Algeria
fnzg=Nzagi Angola
lbz=Lucapa Angola
fnlk=Lucapa Angola
knp=Kapanda Angola
fncp=Kapanda Angola
amc=Am Timan Chad
fttn=Am Timan Chad
gsq=Sharq Al-Owainat Egypt
heow=Sharq Al-Owainat Egypt
mrb=Martinsburg United States
kmrb=Martinsburg United States
awa=Awasa Ethiopia
hala=Awasa Ethiopia
jij=Jijiga Ethiopia
hajj=Jijiga Ethiopia
mks=Mekane Selam Ethiopia
hama=Mekane Selam Ethiopia
dbm=Debre Marqos Ethiopia
hadm=Debre Marqos Ethiopia
dbt=Debre Tabor Ethiopia
hadt=Debre Tabor Ethiopia
qhr=Debre Zeyit Ethiopia
hahm=Debre Zeyit Ethiopia
gob=Goba Ethiopia
hagb=Goba Ethiopia
myb=Mayumba Gabon
fooy=Mayumba Gabon
mre=Masai Mara Kenya
hkmk=Meru National Park Kenya
rbx=Rumbek Sudan
hsmk=Rumbek Sudan
hsye=Yei Sudan
cpa=Greenville Liberia
glcp=Greenville Liberia
amy=Ambatomainty Madagascar
uky=Kyoto Japan
lsge=Ecuvillens Switzerland
bzb=Bazaruto Island Mozambique
bcw=Benguera Island Mozambique
fqia=Inhaca Mozambique
ibl=Indigo Bay Lodge Mozambique
max=Matam Senegal
gosm=Matam Senegal
bdi=Bird Island Seychelles
fssb=Bird Island Seychelles
whf=Wadi Halfa Sudan
hssw=Wadi Halfa Sudan
nbe=Enfidha Tunisia
dtnz=Enfidha Tunisia
hukd=Kidepo Uganda
hukt=Kitgum Uganda
paf=Pakuba Uganda
hupa=Pakuba Uganda
ensa=Sveagruva Svalbard
enas=Ny-Alesund Svalbard
hty=Hatay Turkey
ltda=Hatay Turkey
eeku=Kihnu Estonia
eeru=Ruhnu Estonia
rvv=Raivavae French Polynesia
ntav=Raivavae French Polynesia
fuo=Foshan China
huz=Huizhou China
ild=Lleida Spain
leda=Lleida Spain
wpr=Porvenir Chile
lfec=Ouessant France
ymy=Montreal Canada
ybz=Toronto Canada
biu=Bildudalur Iceland
bibd=Bildudalur Iceland
gjr=Gjogur Iceland
bigj=Gjogur Iceland
sak=Saudarkrokur Iceland
bikr=Saudarkrokur Iceland
bisf=Selfoss Iceland
iia=Inishmaan Ireland
eimn=Inishmaan Ireland
tdk=Taldykorgan Kazakhstan
uaat=Taldykorgan Kazakhstan
ulg=Olgii Mongolia
zmul=Olgii Mongolia
xdb=Lille France
utdt=Kurgan Tyube Tajikistan
vgd=Vologda Russia
ulww=Vologda Russia
uhmw=Evensk Russia
uero=Olenyok Russia
uers=Saskylakh Russia
bvv=Iturup Island Russia
ohh=Okha Russia
ldg=Arkhangelsk Russia
ulal=Arkhangelsk Russia
uiun=Nizhneangarsk Russia
uniw=Vanavara Russia
uera=Aykhal Russia
ussk=Yekaterinburg Russia
unib=Baykit Russia
unbi=Biysk Russia
hsk=Huesca Spain
lehc=Huesca Spain
cqm=Ciudad Real Spain
lerl=Ciudad Real Spain
njf=Najaf Iraq
orni=Najaf Iraq
qyi=Hilversum Netherlands
csa=Colonsay United Kingdom
egey=Colonsay United Kingdom
col=Coll United Kingdom
rkh=Rock Hill United States
kuza=Rock Hill United States
agc=Pittsburgh United States
kagc=Pittsburgh United States
nzc=Jacksonville United States
kvqq=Jacksonville United States
fty=Atlanta United States
kfty=Atlanta United States
tso=Tresco United Kingdom
eght=Tresco United Kingdom
tii=Tarin Kowt Afghanistan
oatn=Tarin Kowt Afghanistan
zaj=Zaranj Afghanistan
oazj=Zaranj Afghanistan
ccn=Chaghcharan Afghanistan
oacc=Chaghcharan Afghanistan
fug=Fuyang China
zsfy=Fuyang China
lcx=Longyan China
bsd=Baoshan China
zpbs=Baoshan China
acx=Xingyi China
xzm=Macau Macau
hzh=Liping China
60j=Ocean Isle Beach United States
ub13=Stepanakert Azerbaijan
osu=Columbus United States
kosu=Columbus United States
rsi=Rio Sidra Panama
ads=Addison United States
kads=Addison United States
dts=Destin United States
kdts=Destin United States
rbn=Fort Jefferson - Dry Tortugas United States
khe=Kherson Ukraine
ukoh=Kherson Ukraine
szs=Stewart Island New Zealand
nzrc=Stewart Island New Zealand
fsas=Assumption Island Seychelles
hjj=Zhijiang China
yqi=Yarmouth Canada
cyqi=Yarmouth Canada
iso=Kinston United States
kiso=Kinston United States
ffa=Kill Devil Hills United States
kffa=Kill Devil Hills United States
lnj=Lincang China
zplc=Lincang China
wnh=Wenshan China
pll=Manaus Brazil
sjl=Sao Gabriel da Cachoeira Brazil
swmk=Maturaca Brazil
cks=Parauapebas Brazil
sbcj=Parauapebas Brazil
sncw=Alcantara Brazil
itb=Itaituba Brazil
ltu=Latur India
mwk=Anambas Islands Indonesia
wiom=Anambas Islands Indonesia
qfz=Mainz Germany
edfw=Wuerzburg Germany
qmz=Mainz Germany
gww=Berlin Germany
zpq=Rheine Germany
lpav=Aveiro Portugal
ttr=Toraja Indonesia
etnp=Hopsten Germany
tjnr=Ceiba Puerto Rico
pgu=Khalije Fars Iran
oibp=Khalije Fars Iran
yes=Yasuj Iran
oisy=Yasuj Iran
osb=Mosul Iraq
orbm=Mosul Iraq
tjh=Toyooka Japan
rjbt=Toyooka Japan
axj=Amakusa Japan
rjda=Amakusa Japan
kkx=Kikai Japan
rjki=Kikai Japan
agj=Aguni Japan
rora=Aguni Japan
hae=Haeju North Korea
lac=Layang Layang Atoll Malaysia
zmdn=Uliastai Mongolia
uga=Bulgan Mongolia
zmbn=Bulgan Mongolia
ulo=Ulaangom Mongolia
zmug=Ulaangom Mongolia
bpr=Borongan Philippines
rpvw=Borongan Philippines
lbx=Lubang Philippines
rplu=Lubang Philippines
bjt=Bentota Sri Lanka
diw=Dickwella Sri Lanka
tju=Kulyab Tajikistan
utdk=Kulyab Tajikistan
cmj=Cimei Taiwan
rccm=Cimei Taiwan
taz=Dasoguz Turkmenistan
utat=Dasoguz Turkmenistan
bwb=Barrow Island Australia
ybwx=Barrow Island Australia
mwb=Morawa Australia
exm=Exmouth Australia
drb=Derby Australia
ydby=Derby Australia
wge=Walgett Australia
ywlg=Walgett Australia
brt=Bathurst Island Australia
ybti=Bathurst Island Australia
dki=Dunk Island Australia
ydki=Dunk Island Australia
lzr=Lizard Island Australia
ylzi=Lizard Island Australia
hlt=Hamilton Australia
yhml=Hamilton Australia
hcq=Halls Creek Australia
yhlc=Halls Creek Australia
fiz=Fitzroy Crossing Australia
yftz=Fitzroy Crossing Australia
rvt=Ravensthorpe Australia
ynrv=Ravensthorpe Australia
ywks=Budd Coast Antarctica
pvu=Provo United States
kpvu=Provo United States
sbs=Steamboat Springs United States
ksbs=Steamboat Springs United States
dta=Delta United States
kdta=Delta United States
rif=Richfield United States
krif=Richfield United States
puc=Price United States
kpuc=Price United States
lam=Los Alamos United States
klam=Los Alamos United States
bxs=Borrego Springs United States
kbxs=Borrego Springs United States
hii=Lake Havasu City United States
khii=Lake Havasu City United States
inw=Winslow United States
kinw=Winslow United States
dgl=Douglas United States
kdgl=Douglas United States
mzk=Marakei Kiribati
ngmk=Marakei Kiribati
aea=Abemama Kiribati
ngtb=Abemama Kiribati
aak=Buariki Kiribati
nguk=Buariki Kiribati
kuc=Kuria Kiribati
ngkt=Kuria Kiribati
ais=Arorae Kiribati
ngtr=Arorae Kiribati
tmn=Tamana Kiribati
ngtm=Tamana Kiribati
bez=Beru Island Kiribati
ngbr=Beru Island Kiribati
nig=Nikunau Kiribati
ngnu=Nikunau Kiribati
bbg=Butaritari Kiribati
ngtu=Butaritari Kiribati
mtk=Makin Kiribati
ngmn=Makin Kiribati
mnk=Maiana Kiribati
ngma=Maiana Kiribati
non=Nonouti Kiribati
ngto=Nonouti Kiribati
tsu=Tabiteuea Kiribati
ngts=Tabiteuea Kiribati
bot=Bosset Papua New Guinea
imi=Ine Marshall Islands
tic=Tinak Marshall Islands
eal=Elenak Marshall Islands
lml=Lae Marshall Islands
aic=Airok Marshall Islands
ejt=Enejit Marshall Islands
wtz=Whitianga New Zealand
nzwt=Whitianga New Zealand
ktf=Takaka New Zealand
nztk=Takaka New Zealand
c23=Peleliu Palau
aau=Savai\\'i Samoa
aft=Afutara Solomon Islands
agaf=Afutara Solomon Islands
rna=Ulawa Solomon Islands
agar=Ulawa Solomon Islands
chy=Choiseul Bay Solomon Islands
aggc=Choiseul Bay Solomon Islands
nnb=Santa Ana Solomon Islands
aggt=Santa Ana Solomon Islands
xya=Yandina Solomon Islands
aggy=Yandina Solomon Islands
bpf=Batuna Solomon Islands
agbt=Batuna Solomon Islands
bow=Bartow United States
kbow=Bartow United States
kmw=Kostroma Russia
uubd=Kostroma Russia
fti=Fiti\\'uta American Samoa
nsfq=Fiti\\'uta American Samoa
ofu=Ofu American Samoa
lvk=Livermore United States
klvk=Livermore United States
mpi=Mariposa United States
kmpi=Mariposa United States
rkpd=Seogwipo South Korea
gfy=Grootfontein Namibia
fygf=Grootfontein Namibia
ndu=Rundu Namibia
fyru=Rundu Namibia
bpu=Beppu Japan
hrn=Heron Island Australia
lyt=Lady Elliot Island Australia
ors=Orpheus Island Australia
qqp=London United Kingdom
agm=Angmagssalik Greenland
bgam=Angmagssalik Greenland
trm=Palm Springs United States
ktrm=Palm Springs United States
smo=Santa Monica United States
ksmo=Santa Monica United States
udd=Palm Springs United States
kudd=Palm Springs United States
zsy=Scottsdale United States
ksdl=Scottsdale United States
olm=Olympia United States
kolm=Olympia United States
dwa=Davis-Woodland-Winters United States
kdwa=Davis-Woodland-Winters United States
ril=Rifle United States
kril=Rifle United States
saa=SARATOGA United States
ksaa=SARATOGA United States
pdk=Atlanta United States
kpdk=Atlanta United States
bmg=Bloomington United States
kbmg=Bloomington United States
sua=Stuart United States
ksua=Stuart United States
mmu=Morristown United States
kmmu=Morristown United States
apc=Napa United States
kapc=Napa United States
sdm=San Diego United States
ksdm=San Diego United States
lspv=Wangen-Lachen Switzerland
phk=Pahokee United States
kvnc=Venice United States
kphk=Pahokee United States
kie=Kineshma Russia
nez=Nezhitino Russia
mft=Machu Pichu Peru
ecp=Panama City United States
kecp=Panama City United States
sbd=San Bernardino United States
ksbd=San Bernardino United States
val=Valenca Brazil
snvb=Valenca Brazil
mvf=Mossoro Brazil
sbmw=Mossoro Brazil
cau=Caruaru Brazil
snru=Caruaru Brazil
awk=Wake island Wake Island
pwak=Wake island Wake Island
qnv=Nova Iguacu Brazil
sdny=Nova Iguacu Brazil
xpg=Paris France
xgb=Paris France
xsh=Tours France
sql=San Carlos United States
ksql=San Carlos United States
lszj=Courtelary  Switzerland
osz=Koszalin Poland
epko=Koszalin Poland
fbco=Okavango Delta Botswana
ley=Lelystad Netherlands
rwi=Rocky Mount United States
krwi=Rocky Mount United States
pawr=Whittier United States
sxq=Soldotna United States
see=El Cajon United States
ksee=El Cajon United States
knuc=San Clemente Island United States
ltx=Latacunga Ecuador
stp=London United Kingdom
zya=Amsterdam Netherlands
jmy=Freetown Sierra Leone
pha=Phan Rang Vietnam
vvpr=Phan Rang Vietnam
sqh=Son-La Vietnam
vvns=Son-La Vietnam
tkf=Truckee United States
ktrk=Truckee United States
frj=Frejus France
lftu=Frejus France
gex=Geelong Australia
yglg=Geelong Australia
qpp=Berlin Germany
mgr=Moultrie United States
ulae=Mezen Russia
ulah=Arkhangelsk Russia
ryy=Atlanta United States
kryy=Atlanta United States
onh=Oneonta United States
loxt=Tulln Austria
asi=Georgetown Acension Island Santa Helena United Kingdom
4u9=Dell United States
k4u9=Dell United States
lvm=Livingston-Montana United States
klvm=Livingston-Montana United States
zwr=Kota Kinabalu Malaysia
6s0=Big Timber United States
k6s0=Big Timber United States
biv=Holland United States
kbiv=Holland United States
eglw=London United Kingdom
lipv=Venice Italy
eecl=Tallinn Estonia
hen=Helsinki Finland
efhe=Helsinki Finland
edri=Linkenheim Germany
ut25=Monument Valley United States
ehhv=Hilversum Netherlands
jra=New York United States
kjra=New York United States
ehtx=Texel Netherlands
lecd=Das i Fontanals de Cerdanya Spain
lal=Lakeland United States
klal=Lakeland United States
uuos=Stary Oskol Russia
syh=Syangboche Nepal
vnsb=Syangboche Nepal
idl=New York United States
kidl=New York United States
unkm=Krasnoyarsk Russia
rbk=Murrieta-Temecula United States
kf70=Murrieta-Temecula United States
fnu=Oristano Italy
lier=Oristano Italy
eglm=Maidenhead United Kingdom
myq=Mysore India
vomy=Mysore India
pcw=Port Clinton United States
kpcw=Port Clinton United States
mgy=Dayton United States
kmgy=Dayton United States
rid=Richmond United States
krid=Richmond United States
fdy=Findley United States
kfdy=Findley United States
niag=Niagara Falls Canada
uevd=Deputatsky Russia
czba=Burlington Canada
pea=Penneshaw Australia
ypsh=Penneshaw Australia
kfx=Kaufbeuren Germany
kauf=Kaufbeuren Germany
muq=Munich Germany
muni=Munich Germany
nur=Nurnberg Germany
nurn=Nurnberg Germany
ebe=Ebenhofen Germany
eben=Ebenhofen Germany
aub=Augsburg Germany
augs=Augsburg Germany
bie=Biessenhofen Germany
bies=Biessenhofen Germany
buh=Buchloe Germany
buch=Buchloe Germany
fux=Fussen Germany
fusn=Fussen Germany
kex=Kempten Germany
kemp=Kempten Germany
aie=Aiome Papua New Guinea
sim=Simbai Papua New Guinea
auj=Ambunti Papua New Guinea
oal=Marktoberdorf Germany
mark=Marktoberdorf Germany
mos=Marktoberdorf Germany
maro=Marktoberdorf Germany
esx=Essen Germany
esse=Essen Germany
box=Bochum Germany
boch=Bochum Germany
kox=Koln Germany
koln=Koln Germany
egtb=Wycombe United Kingdom
bbp=Bembridge United Kingdom
eghj=Bembridge United Kingdom
ccw3=Waterville Canada
les=Leuterschach Germany
leut=Leuterschach Germany
spf=Spearfish-South Dakota United States
kspf=Spearfish-South Dakota United States
kno=Knokke Belgium
ebkw=Knokke Belgium
yred=Rothwell Australia
qyd=Gdynia Poland
epok=Gdynia Poland
epmb=Malbork Poland
eplk=Lask Poland
epmi=Miroslawiec Poland
epks=Poznan Poland
olv=Olive Branch United States
kolv=Olive Branch United States
scvm=Vina del Mar Chile
bkkx=Bangkok Thailand
cnc3=Brampton Canada
onq=Zonguldak Turkey
ltas=Zonguldak Turkey
bjc=Broomfield-CO United States
kbjc=Broomfield-CO United States
sle=Salem United States
ksle=Salem United States
utm=Tunica United States
kuta=Tunica United States
ua30=Batken Kyrgyzstan
zkb=Kasaba Bay Zambia
flky=Kasaba Bay Zambia
lnd=Lindau Germany
lind=Lindau Germany
wpu=Puerto Williams Chile
ude=Volkel Netherlands
ehho=Hoogeveen Netherlands
ehte=Deventer Netherlands
ehmz=Middelburg Netherlands
ehal=Ameland Netherlands
lfpz=Saint-Cyr France
mwc=Milwaukee United States
kmwc=Milwaukee United States
jvl=Janesville United States
kjvl=Janesville United States
fxmn=Mantsonyane Lesotho
htf=Hatfield United Kingdom
trto=Toronto Canada
mtrl=Montreal Canada
gky=Arlington United States
kgky=Arlington United States
lzu=Lawrenceville United States
klzu=Lawrenceville United States
bwg=Bowling Green United States
kbwg=Bowling Green United States
rvs=Tulsa United States
krvs=Tulsa United States
noi=Novorossiysk Russia
nhd=Minhad AB United Arab Emirates
omdm=Minhad AB United Arab Emirates
kgo=Kirovograd Ukraine
ukkg=Kirovograd Ukraine
edaw=Roitzschjora Germany
dbb=Dabaa City Egypt
heal=Dabaa City Egypt
bce=Bryce Canyon United States
kbce=Bryce Canyon United States
hdb=Heidelberg Germany
ediu=Heidelberg Germany
buy=Burlington United States
kbuy=Burlington United States
ckl=Shchyolkovo Russia
uumu=Shchyolkovo Russia
tcz=Tengchong China
zutc=Tengchong China
uks=Sevastopol Ukraine
ukfb=Sevastopol Ukraine
ber=Berlin Germany
wzy=Nassau Bahamas
ehdp=Deurne Netherlands
oazi=Camp Bastion Afghanistan
jci=Olathe United States
kixd=Olathe United States
esn=Easton United States
kesn=Easton United States
hmr=Hamar Norway
enha=Hamar Norway
enri=Frya Norway
ensm=Elverum Norway
r49=Republic United States
myv=Yuba City United States
kmyv=Yuba City United States
sto=Stockholm Sweden
jhe=Helsingborg Sweden
ypid=Phillip Island Australia
duc=Duncan United States
kduc=Duncan United States
nypa=New York United States
helc=Helsinki Finland
e91=Chinle United States
uva=Uvalde United States
kuva=Uvalde United States
lot=Lockport United States
klot=Lockport United States
c16=Urbana United States
ccr=Concord United States
kccr=Concord United States
oca=Ocean Reef Club Airport United States
07fa=Ocean Reef Club Airport United States
lfgc=Strasbourg Neudorf France
edrn=Nannhausen Germany
yus=Yushu China
zlys=Yushu China
pyc=Playon Chico Panama
utu=Ustupo Panama
mpu=Mamitupo Panama
hia=Huai An China
zssh=Huai An China
pve=El Porvenir Panama
yoo=Oshawa Canada
cyoo=Oshawa Canada
edlm=Recklinghausen Germany
esnf=Farila Sweden
lha=Lahr Germany
edtl=Lahr Germany
vymy=Monywa Burma
kuni=Athens United States
sgh=Springfield United States
ksgh=Springfield United States
msi=South Aari Atoll Maldives
siam=South Aari Atoll Maldives
gmfu=Fes Morocco
hex=Santo Domingo Dominican Republic
mdhe=Santo Domingo Dominican Republic
cda=Cooinda Australia
ycoo=Cooinda Australia
jab=Jabiru Australia
yjab=Jabiru Australia
pitt=Pitt Island New Zealand
ednr=Regensburg Germany
rgb=Regensburg Germany
rege=Regensburg Germany
tlg=Treuchtlingen Germany
treu=Treuchtlingen Germany
mpb=Miami United States
hgs=Freetown Sierra Leone
gfha=Freetown Sierra Leone
top=Topeka United States
ktop=Topeka United States
emp=Emporia United States
2xs8=Uvalde United States
k2i3=Null United States
kmqy=Smyrna United States
kuos=Sewanee United States
ngq=Shiquanhe China
zual=Shiquanhe China
cso=Cochstedt Germany
edbc=Cochstedt Germany
wzb=Wurzburg Germany
wurz=Wurzburg Germany
tki=DALLAS United States
ktki=DALLAS United States
pwk=Chicago-Wheeling United States
kpwk=Chicago-Wheeling United States
kls=Kelso United States
kkls=Kelso United States
lkbe=Benesov Czech Republic
3w2=Put-in-Bay United States
gabg=Bougouni Mali
zta=Tureia French Polynesia
ntgy=Tureia French Polynesia
nzir=Ross Island Antarctica
hkke=Keekorok Kenya
twd=Port Townsend United States
38w=Lynden United States
0s9=Port Townsend United States
pue=Puerto Obaldia Panama
mpoa=Puerto Obaldia Panama
khc=Kerch Ukraine
ukfk=Kerch Ukraine
bost=Boston United States
xds=Ottawa Canada
xvv=Belleville Canada
xzl=Edmonton Canada
zrd=Richmond United States
xkl=Kuala Lumpur Malaysia
xad=Churchill Canada
xef=Winnipeg Canada
uka=Ukunda Kenya
hkuk=Ukunda Kenya
iln=Wilmington United States
kiln=Wilmington United States
avw=Tucson United States
kavq=Tucson United States
cgz=Casa Grande United States
kcgz=Casa Grande United States
1az0=Mobile United States
bxk=Buckeye United States
kbxk=Buckeye United States
e63=Gila Bend United States
ke63=Gila Bend United States
mmi=Athens United States
kmmi=Athens United States
stk=Sterling United States
kstk=Sterling United States
rwl=Rawlins United States
kfwl=Rawlins United States
yzy=Mackenzie British Columbia Canada
cyzy=Mackenzie British Columbia Canada
cdw=Caldwell United States
kcdw=Caldwell United States
aiz=Kaiser Lake Ozark United States
kaiz=Kaiser Lake Ozark United States
l35=Big Bear United States
kip=KIEV Ukraine
kiev=KIEV Ukraine
bam=Bamberg Germany
bamb=Bamberg Germany
igs=Ingolstadt Germany
ings=Ingolstadt Germany
tvi=Thomasville United States
ktvi=Thomasville United States
hsh=Henderson United States
khnd=Henderson United States
gml=Kiev Ukraine
ukkm=Kiev Ukraine
tma=Tifton United States
ktma=Tifton United States
edml=Landshut Germany
edhf=Itzehoe Germany
zrb=Frankfurt Germany
xyg=Prague Czech Republic
qqs=London United Kingdom
ulx=Ulusaba Namibia
qxr=RADOM Poland
epra=RADOM Poland
dvt=Phoenix  United States
kdvt=Phoenix  United States
ybw=Calgary Canada
cybw=Calgary Canada
yge=Golden Canada
cyge=Golden Canada
yrv=Revelstoke Canada
cyrv=Revelstoke Canada
kfrg=Farmingdale United States
edbt=Allstedt Germany
kipp=Peine Germany
scic=Curico Chile
edvp=Peine Germany
tya=Tula Russia
hdo=Hondo United States
khdo=Hondo United States
zhy=Zhongwei China
zlzw=Zhongwei China
mcl=McKinley Park United States
pain=McKinley Park United States
lhd=Anchorage United States
palh=Anchorage United States
ppc=Prospect Creek United States
papr=Prospect Creek United States
khw=Khwai River Botswana
fbkr=Khwai River Botswana
edcy=Welzow Germany
txg=Taichung Taiwan
rclg=Taichung Taiwan
hcc=Hudson NY United States
hlg=Wheeling United States
fzg=Fitzgerald United States
kfzg=Fitzgerald United States
40j=Perry United States
70j=Cairo United States
ssx=Samsun Turkey
xye=Ye Burma
vyye=Ye Burma
scfx=Isla San Felix Chile
xeg=Kingston Canada
kgst=Kingston Canada
xax=Dorval Canada
brkm=Brockville Canada
brkv=Brockville Canada
oesb=Shaybah Saudi Arabia
dwc=Dubai United Arab Emirates
omdw=Dubai United Arab Emirates
rkp=Rockport United States
krkp=Rockport United States
nda=Bandanaira-Naira Island Indonesia
mvv=Verdun France
lfhm=Verdun France
mfx=Ajaccio France
lfkx=Ajaccio France
aeb=Baise China
okf=Okaukuejo Namibia
fyoo=Okaukuejo Namibia
oku=Mokuti Lodge Namibia
fymo=Mokuti Lodge Namibia
edxq=Rotenburg Wuemme Germany
edkn=Wipperfuerth Germany
edwo=Osnabrueck Germany
edcb=Ballenstedt Germany
edhm=Hasenmoor Germany
edwq=Ganderkesee Germany
edxi=Nienburg Weser Germany
edwc=Damme Germany
edlb=Duelmen Germany
edco=Obermehler Germany
edvh=Hodenhagen Germany
edhb=Grube Germany
ektd=Toender Denmark
edvc=Celle Germany
edvu=Uelzen Germany
edlh=Hamm Germany
edoj=Luesse Germany
edvy=Bad Oeynhausen Germany
edko=Brilon Germany
edvw=Bad Pyrmont Germany
edxn=Cuxhaven Germany
edck=Koethen Germany
edxm=Sankt Michaelisdonn Germany
edvs=Salzgitter Germany
edwk=Karlshoefen Germany
edwh=Oldenburg Germany
edvr=Rinteln Germany
edlt=Muenster Germany
psh=Sankt Peter-Ording Germany
edxo=Sankt Peter-Ording Germany
edhc=Luechow Germany
edcl=Scharlibbe Germany
edbg=Burg Germany
ckf=Cordele United States
kckf=Cordele United States
omn=Ormond Beach United States
komn=Ormond Beach United States
edra=Bad Neuenahr Germany
edrf=Bad Duerkheim Germany
ttd=Troutdale United States
kttd=Troutdale United States
hio=Hillsboro United States
khio=Hillsboro United States
nk39=New York United States
edkl=Leverkusen Germany
24j=Live Oak United States
edrv=Wershofen Germany
kht=Khost Afghanistan
oaks=Khost Afghanistan
nyt=NAYPYITAW Burma
vynt=NAYPYITAW Burma
kbdn=Bend United States
k62s=Christmas Valley United States
kbno=Burns United States
ks39=Prineville United States
krbl=Red Bluff United States
kdvo=Novato United States
klkv=Lakeview United States
ktmk=Tillamook United States
kono=Ontario United States
kdls=The Dalles United States
gai=Gaithersburg United States
kgai=Gaithersburg United States
az3=Sharona Afghanistan
oasa=Sharona Afghanistan
yta=Pembroke Canada
cyta=Pembroke Canada
tsb=Tsumeb Namibia
fytm=Tsumeb Namibia
ysd=Suffield Canada
cysd=Suffield Canada
bnu=BLUMENAU Brazil
ssbl=BLUMENAU Brazil
lrms=Targu Mures Romania
sib=Sibiu Romania
uudg=Stupino Russia
cio=Timisoara Romania
lrt2=Timisoara Romania
ccln=Cleveland United States
cvx=Charelvoix United States
kcvx=Charelvoix United States
2j9=Quincy United States
etsp=Pferdsfeld Germany
ekms=Mykines Faroe Islands
rce=Roche Harbor United States
byw=Blakely Island United States
rsj=Rosario United States
wsx=Westsound United States
fbs=Friday Harbor United States
yrr=Big Bay Canada
l06=Death Valley National Park United States
ycc=Cornwall Canada
cycc=Cornwall Canada
ehse=Bosschenhoofd Netherlands
lsts=St.Stephan Switzerland
iza=Juiz de Fora Brazil
sdzy=Juiz de Fora Brazil
lrbg=Brasov Romania
xfl=Flagler United States
kxfl=Flagler United States
dva=Deva Romania
dzm=Dezmir Romania
mvl=Morrisville United States
kmvl=Morrisville United States
rbd=Dallas United States
krbd=Dallas United States
lily=Como Italy
6y8=Beaver Island United States
uaol=Baikonur Kazakhstan
mow=Moscow Russia
wst=Washington County United States
kwst=Washington County United States
bid=Block Island United States
kbid=Block Island United States
369=Atmautluak United States
nme=Nightmute United States
pagt=Nightmute United States
ook=Toksook Bay United States
paoo=Toksook Bay United States
tnk=Tununak United States
gnu=Goodnews Bay United States
wwt=Newtok United States
acu=Achutupo Panama
tuw=Tubuala Panama
ghe=Garachine Panama
mpp=Mulatupo Panama
oby=Ittoqqortoormiit Greenland
bgsc=Ittoqqortoormiit Greenland
vin=Vinnitsa Ukraine
ukww=Vinnitsa Ukraine
qxg=Angers France
bge=Bainbridge United States
kbge=Bainbridge United States
ctt5=La Romaine Canada
zkg=Kegaska Canada
ctk6=Kegaska Canada
ybi=Black Tickle Canada
cce4=Black Tickle Canada
spz=Silver Springs United States
kspz=Silver Springs United States
whp=Los Angeles United States
kwhp=Los Angeles United States
mae=Madera United States
kmae=Madera United States
u76=Mountain Home United States
yzz=Trail Canada
cad4=Trail Canada
cap5=Patricia Bay Canada
yab=Arctic Bay Canada
cjx7=Arctic Bay Canada
chb3=Hope Bay Canada
bcv=Belmopan Belize
sogs=Grand-Santi French Guiana
mpy=Maripasoula French Guiana
sooa=Maripasoula French Guiana
ldx=Saint-Laurent-du-Maroni French Guiana
soom=Saint-Laurent-du-Maroni French Guiana
aaj=Cayana Suriname
ldo=Laduani Suriname
kji=Burqin China
zwkn=Burqin China
cpb=Capurgana Colombia
skca=Capurgana Colombia
hmb=Sohag Egypt
hemk=Sohag Egypt
rvy=Rivera Uruguay
surv=Rivera Uruguay
poj=Patos de Minas Brazil
snpd=Patos de Minas Brazil
jtc=Bauru Brazil
sjtc=Bauru Brazil
oia=Ourilandia do Norte Brazil
sdow=Ourilandia do Norte Brazil
rdc=Redencao Brazil
sndc=Redencao Brazil
sxx=Sao Felix do Xingu Brazil
snfx=Sao Felix do Xingu Brazil
byo=Bointo Brazil
sjdb=Bointo Brazil
sxo=Sao Felix do Araguaia Brazil
swfx=Sao Felix do Araguaia Brazil
cfc=Cacador Brazil
sbcd=Cacador Brazil
caf=Carauari Brazil
swca=Carauari Brazil
swuy=Porto Urucu Brazil
ern=Eirunepe Brazil
swei=Eirunepe Brazil
cci=Concordia Brazil
ssck=Concordia Brazil
fbe=Francisco Beltrao Brazil
ssfb=Francisco Beltrao Brazil
cfo=Confresa Brazil
sjhg=Confresa Brazil
19a=Jefferson United States
aaf=Apalachicola United States
kaaf=Apalachicola United States
umu=Umuarama Brazil
ssum=Umuarama Brazil
dti=Diamantina Brazil
sndt=Diamantina Brazil
fba=Fonte Boa Brazil
swob=Fonte Boa Brazil
olc=Sao Paulo de Olivenca Brazil
sdcg=Sao Paulo de Olivenca Brazil
huw=Humaita Brazil
swht=Humaita Brazil
irz=Santa Isabel do Rio Negro Brazil
swtp=Santa Isabel do Rio Negro Brazil
orx=Oriximina Brazil
snox=Oriximina Brazil
una=Una Brazil
sbtc=Una Brazil
tef=Telfer Australia
ytef=Telfer Australia
gzp=Alanya Turkey
ltfg=Alanya Turkey
oash=Shank Afghanistan
sgj=St. Augustine United States
ldz=Londolozi South Africa
iny=Sabi Sands South Africa
dqh=Douglas United States
kdqh=Douglas United States
frp=Fort Pierce United States
kfpr=Fort Pierce United States
alx=Alexandria United States
alx_=Alexandria United States
tan=Taunton United States
ktan=Taunton United States
pym=Plymouth United States
kpym=Plymouth United States
oqu=North Kingstown United States
koqu=North Kingstown United States
1b9=Mansfield United States
owd=Norwood United States
kowd=Norwood United States
baf=Westfield United States
kbaf=Westfield United States
ijd=Willimantic United States
kijd=Willimantic United States
mgj=Montgomery United States
kmgj=Montgomery United States
cxy=Harrisburg United States
kcxy=Harrisburg United States
ghg=Marshfield United States
kghg=Marshfield United States
dxr=Danbury United States
kdxr=Danbury United States
ash=Nashua United States
kash=Nashua United States
lwm=Lawrence United States
klwm=Lawrence United States
oxc=Oxford United States
koxc=Oxford United States
fit=Fitchburg United States
kfit=Fitchburg United States
20ga=Villa Rica United States
vpc=Cartersville United States
kvpc=Cartersville United States
pyp=Centre United States
kpyp=Centre United States
rmg=Rome United States
krmg=Rome United States
gad=Gadsden United States
kgad=Gadsden United States
dkx=Knoxville United States
kdkx=Knoxville United States
wdr=Winder United States
kwdr=Winder United States
jyl=Sylvania United States
kjyl=Sylvania United States
dnn=Dalton United States
kdnn=Dalton United States
ctj=Carrollton United States
kctj=Carrollton United States
4a9=Fort Payne United States
lgc=LaGrange United States
klgc=LaGrange United States
mlj=Milledgeville United States
kmlj=Milledgeville United States
4a4=Cedartown United States
pim=Pine Mountain United States
kpim=Pine Mountain United States
ffc=Atlanta United States
kffc=Atlanta United States
9a1=Covington United States
gvl=Gainesville United States
kgvl=Gainesville United States
kcni=Canton United States
54j=DeFuniak Springs United States
9a5=LaFayette United States
phd=New Philadelpha United States
kphd=New Philadelpha United States
udg=Darlington United States
kudg=Darlington United States
hxd=Hilton Head Island United States
khxd=Hilton Head Island United States
49a=Ellijay United States
0a9=Elizabethton United States
06a=Tuskegee United States
dnl=Augusta United States
kdnl=Augusta United States
mrn=Morganton United States
kmrn=Morganton United States
pbx=Pikeville United States
kpbx=Pikeville United States
ga04=Locust Grove United States
toc=Toccoa United States
ktoc=Toccoa United States
egha=Shaftesbury United Kingdom
plv=Poltava Ukraine
ukhp=Poltava Ukraine
hsaw=Aweil Sudan
wuu=Wau Sudan
hsww=Wau Sudan
hue=Humera Ethiopia
hahu=Humera Ethiopia
oyl=Moyale Kenya
hkmy=Moyale Kenya
gmaz=Zagora Morocco
wye=Yengema Sierra Leone
gfye=Yengema Sierra Leone
gbk=Gbangbatok Sierra Leone
gfgk=Gbangbatok Sierra Leone
vdf=Tampa United States
uott=Turukhansk Russia
unip=Bor Russia
afw=Fort Worth United States
kafw=Fort Worth United States
57c=East Troy United States
k57c=East Troy United States
unll=Kolpashevo Russia
myf=San Diego United States
null=San Diego United States
sel=Seoul South Korea
okas=Kuwait Kuwait
rmk=Renmark Australia
yren=Renmark Australia
ylec=Leigh Creek Australia
ywbr=Warburton Community Australia
ycun=Cunderdin Australia
yrti=Rottnest Island Australia
yfrt=Forrest Australia
yblt=Ballarat Australia
kew=Keewaywin Canada
cpv8=Keewaywin Canada
ysp=Marathon Canada
cysp=Marathon Canada
yhf=Hearst Canada
cyhf=Hearst Canada
yhn=Hornepayne Canada
cyhn=Hornepayne Canada
ykx=Kirkland Lake Canada
cykx=Kirkland Lake Canada
ymg=Manitouwadge Canada
cymg=Manitouwadge Canada
yxz=Wawa Canada
cyxz=Wawa Canada
yem=Manitowaning Canada
cyem=Manitowaning Canada
ckd9=Slate Falls Canada
cny3=Collingwood Canada
yfd=Brantford Canada
cyfd=Brantford Canada
lwc=Lawrence United States
klwc=Lawrence United States
egt=Wellington United States
kegt=Wellington United States
6a2=Griffin United States
nic=Nicosia Cyprus
pmp=Pompano Beach United States
kpmp=Pompano Beach United States
xmc=Mallacoota Australia
ymco=Mallacoota Australia
ulh=Al-Ula Saudi Arabia
oeao=Al-Ula Saudi Arabia
dcbs=Washington DC United States
eet=Alabaster United States
keet=Alabaster United States
yue=Yuendumu  Australia
yynd=Yuendumu  Australia
xwg=Strasbourg France
18az=Carefree United States
gzs=Guangzhou China
lop=Praya Indonesia
wadl=Praya Indonesia
omm=Marmul Oman
oonr=Marmul Oman
cav3=One Hundred Mile House Canada
zml=108 Mile Ranch Canada
czml=108 Mile Ranch Canada
egeg=Glasgow United Kingdom
yyrm=Yarram Australia
hdg=Handan China
zbhd=Handan China
ump=Indianapolis United States
kump=Indianapolis United States
loz=London United States
kloz=London United States
fbg=Fredericksburg United States
wmi=Warsaw Poland
epmo=Warsaw Poland
bbuf=Buffalo United States
jxa=Jixi China
zyjx=Jixi China
seat=Seattle United States
ygm=Gimli Canada
cygm=Gimli Canada
cjt2=Matheson Island Canada
unit=Tura Russia
eyk=Beloyarsky Russia
ushq=Beloyarsky Russia
ehyb=Ypenburg Netherlands
rac=Racine United States
krac=Racine United States
rzp=Taytay Philippines
rpsd=Taytay Philippines
edaj=Gera Germany
xlln=Saint-Petersburg Russia
qot=Otaru Japan
ehtl=Arnhem Netherlands
rkz=Shigatse China
zurk=Shigatse China
rei=Redlands United States
krei=Redlands United States
49x=Chemehuevi Valley United States
rir=Riverside United States
krir=Riverside United States
tiw=Tacoma United States
ktiw=Tacoma United States
x39=Tampa United States
edlo=TELGTE Germany
jka=Gulf Shores United States
kjka=Gulf Shores United States
seii=Isabela Ecuador
lsxb=Balzers Switzerland
vif=Vieste Italy
logg=Punitz-Guessing Austria
hmj=Khmeinitskiy Ukraine
uklh=Khmeinitskiy Ukraine
hiw=Hiroshima Japan
rjbh=Hiroshima Japan
anna=Annapolis United States
yyta=Yalata Australia
hzl=Hazleton United States
khzl=Hazleton United States
cbe=Cumberland United States
kcbe=Cumberland United States
7fa1=Key West United States
ywym=Wyndham Australia
ybo=Bob Quinn Lake Canada
cbw4=Bob Quinn Lake Canada
fgl=Fox Glacier New Zealand
klf=Kaluga Russia
uubs=Kaluga Russia
xev=Stockholm Sweden
qyx=Uppsala Sweden
qrh=Rotterdam Netherlands
xyj=Praha Czech Republic
bnj=Bonn Germany
zgh=Copenhagen Denmark
zsb=Salzburg Austria
zwe=Antwerp Belgium
ell=Lephalale South Africa
faea=Lephalale South Africa
lnr=Lone Rock United States
klnr=Lone Rock United States
kpbh=Phillips United States
keft=Monroe United States
jot=Joliet United States
kjot=Joliet United States
vys=Peru United States
kvys=Peru United States
ydhd=Dirk Hartog Island Australia
jxn=Jackson United States
kjxn=Jackson United States
edal=Furstenwalde Germany
edav=Eberswalde Germany
kvvs=Connellsville United States
khmz=Bedford United States
bbx=Philadelphia United States
klom=Philadelphia United States
obe=Okeechobee United States
kobe=Okeechobee United States
sef=Sebring United States
ksef=Sebring United States
avo=Avon Park United States
kavo=Avon Park United States
gif=Winter Haven United States
kgif=Winter Haven United States
zph=Zephyrhills United States
kzph=Zephyrhills United States
ocf=Ocala United States
kocf=Ocala United States
jes=Jesup United States
kjes=Jesup United States
52a=Madison United States
k52a=Madison United States
cco=Newnan United States
kcco=Newnan United States
hqu=Thomson United States
khqu=Thomson United States
aik=Aiken United States
kaik=Aiken United States
cdn=Camden United States
kcdn=Camden United States
lbt=Lumberton United States
klbt=Lumberton United States
3j1=Ridgeland United States
sop=Pinehurst-Southern Pines United States
ksop=Pinehurst-Southern Pines United States
rcz=Rockingham United States
krcz=Rockingham United States
99n=Bamberg United States
93c=Richland Center United States
y51=Viroqua United States
dll=Baraboo United States
kdll=Baraboo United States
7a4=Apple River United States
svh=Statesville United States
ksvh=Statesville United States
c89=Sturtevant United States
buu=Burlington United States
kbuu=Burlington United States
n53=East Stroudsburg United States
70n=Sterling United States
06n=Middletown United States
lhv=Lock Haven United States
klhv=Lock Haven United States
29d=Grove City United States
04g=Youngstown United States
3g3=Wadsworth United States
3g4=Ashland United States
4g0=Monroeville United States
kpjc=Zelienople United States
2g9=Somerset United States
4g4=Youngstown United States
41n=Braceville United States
lpr=Lorain-Elyria United States
klpr=Lorain-Elyria United States
7d9=Geneva United States
bkl=Cleveland United States
kbkl=Cleveland United States
dkk=Dunkirk United States
kdkk=Dunkirk United States
4g2=Hamburg United States
n87=Trenton United States
vay=Mount Holly United States
kvay=Mount Holly United States
7n7=Pedricktown United States
ldj=Linden United States
kldj=Linden United States
o03=Morgantown United States
0w3=Churchville United States
anq=Angola United States
kanq=Angola United States
c65=Plymouth United States
kasw=Warsaw United States
vnw=Van Wert United States
kvnw=Van Wert United States
17g=Bucyrus United States
x07=Lake Wales United States
rmy=Marshall United States
krmy=Marshall United States
gvq=Batavia United States
kgvq=Batavia United States
0g7=Seneca Falls United States
n69=Stormville United States
4b8=Plainville United States
0g6=Bryan United States
clw=Clearwater United States
kclw=Clearwater United States
x49=Lakeland United States
scs=Scatsta United Kingdom
claa=Claymore United Kingdom
anas=FPSO Anasuria United Kingdom
bru1=BP Bruce United Kingdom
buca=Buchan Alpha United Kingdom
buzz=Buzzard United Kingdom
cly1=Clyde United Kingdom
coa1=Cormorant Alpha United Kingdom
fa08=Forties Alpha United Kingdom
fc08=Forties Charlie United Kingdom
fua1=Fulmar United Kingdom
gaa1=Gannet Alpha United Kingdom
moa1=Montrose Alpha United Kingdom
tea1=Tern United Kingdom
xkso=FPSO Xikomba Angola
qwc=Berlin Germany
zfr=Frankfurt Oder Germany
ply=Paris France
xhp=Paris France
par=Paris France
bhf=Berlin Germany
lon=London United Kingdom
nyc=New York United States
chi=Chicago United States
cgx=Chicago United States
kcgx=Chicago United States
tyo=Tokyo Japan
bjs=Beijing China
mil=Milan Italy
was=Washington United States
ymq=Montreal Canada
yto=Toronto Canada
zssl=Shanghai China
jzp=Jasper United States
kjzp=Jasper United States
bgs=Berlin Germany
edcs=Saarmund Germany
cre=North Myrtle Beach United States
smt=Sun Moon Lake Taiwan
igq=Lansing United States
kigq=Lansing United States
y72=Tomah United States
rnm=Ramona United States
krnm=Ramona United States
lfgo=Pont Sur Yonne France
lfgp=St Florentin Cheu France
lfew=Saulieu France
lspo=Olten Switzerland
bxo=Buochs Switzerland
lszc=Buochs Switzerland
lspm=Quinto Switzerland
lsml=Lodrino Switzerland
lkro=Roudnice nad Lebem Czech Republic
lkul=Usti Nad Labem Czech Republic
losm=Mauterndorf Austria
lokn=Notsch Im Gailtal Austria
edtk=Karlsruhe Germany
edgz=Weinheim Germany
lfpe=Meaux France
lffh=Chateau-Thierry France
oeb=Coldwater United States
koeb=Coldwater United States
wbw=Wilkes-Barre United States
kwbw=Wilkes-Barre United States
lnn=Willoughby United States
klnn=Willoughby United States
rcgm=Taoyuan Taiwan
umd=Uummannaq Greenland
bgum=Uummannaq Greenland
rlk=Bayannur China
fft=Frankfort United States
kfft=Frankfort United States
lew=Lewiston United States
klew=Lewiston United States
epir=Inowroclaw Poland
eppr=Pruszcz Gdansk Poland
6s2=Florence United States
1a3=Copperhead United States
bpap=Berlin Germany
nbu=Glenview United States
knbu=Glenview United States
ky72=Tomah United States
cn-0=Beijing China
mrk=Marco Island Airport United States
kmky=Marco Island Airport United States
drm=Drummond Island United States
kdrm=Drummond Island United States
8m8=Lewiston United States
gdw=Gladwin United States
kgdw=Gladwin United States
24c=Lowell United States
lwa=South Haven United States
klwa=South Haven United States
06c=Schaumburg United States
mfi=Marshfield United States
kmfi=Marshfield United States
isw=Wisconsin Rapids United States
kisw=Wisconsin Rapids United States
cwi=Clinton United States
kcwi=Clinton United States
bvy=Beverly United States
kbvy=Beverly United States
vi73=Nagaur India
uumo=Moscow Russia
o27=Oakdale United States
yrq=Trois Rivieres Canada
cyrq=Trois Rivieres Canada
pof=Poplar Bluff United States
kpof=Poplar Bluff United States
ksmq=Somerville United States
epm=Eastport United States
kepm=Eastport United States
eok=Keokuk United States
keok=Keokuk United States
me5=Swans Island United States
psl=Perth United Kingdom
egpt=Perth United Kingdom
egck=Caernarfon United Kingdom
edlf=Grefrath Germany
kstp=St. Paul United States
soo=Soderhamn Sweden
escl=Soderhamn Sweden
einc=Newcastle Ireland
vna=Saravane Laos
vlsv=Saravane Laos
e51=Bagdad United States
edai=Segeletz Germany
lefm=Segovia Spain
rjoe=Akeno Japan
uhpk=Ust Kamchatsk Russia
0wi8=Oconomowoc United States
uhpo=Kozyrevsk Russia
dks=Dikson Russia
uodd=Dikson Russia
ybee=Mine Site Australia
xbg=Bogande Canada
byt=Bantry Ireland
eibn=Bantry Ireland
che=Caherciveen Ireland
faan=Aliwal North South Africa
faco=Alkantpan South Africa
ady=Alldays South Africa
faal=Alldays South Africa
fabr=Barberton South Africa
e55=Gualala United States
1g3=Kent United States
khao=Hamilton United States
hkbu=Bungoma Kenya
hkbr=Bura Kenya
hkba=Busia Kenya
hkem=Embu Kenya
hkgt=Garba Tula Kenya
gas=Garissa Kenya
hkga=Garissa Kenya
hoa=Hola Kenya
hkho=Hola Kenya
hkhb=Homa Bay Kenya
hkis=Isiolo Kenya
klk=Kalokol Kenya
hyfg=Kalokol Kenya
key=Kericho Kenya
hkkr=Kericho Kenya
ilu=Kilaguni Kenya
hkkl=Kilaguni Kenya
krv=Kimwarer Kenya
dvd=Andavadoaka Madagascar
atj=Antsirabe Madagascar
fmme=Antsirabe Madagascar
ova=Bekily Madagascar
fmsl=Bekily Madagascar
uuyx=Ust-Tsylma Russia
zra=Atlantic City NJ United States
zsf=Springfield MA United States
xzk=Amherst MA United States
qqk=London United Kingdom
xvj=Stevenage United Kingdom
xvh=Peterborough United Kingdom
pum=Pomalaa Indonesia
uuic=YUR'EVETS Russia
wlf=Whittlesford United Kingdom
rgk=Gorno-Altaysk Russia
unbg=Gorno-Altaysk Russia
epgr=Gryzliny Poland
fld=Fond du Lac United States
kfld=Fond du Lac United States
pcz=Waupaca United States
kpcz=Waupaca United States
ste=Stevens Point United States
kste=Stevens Point United States
uhmi=Mys Shmidta Russia
uema=Honuu Russia
ery=Newberry United States
kery=Newberry United States
25d=Forest Lake United States
zvm=Hannover Germany
pef=Peenemunde Germany
edcp=Peenemunde Germany
epgo=Goraszka Poland
wi1a=Nusawiru Indonesia
gqq=Galion United States
kgqq=Galion United States
hkmz=Musiara Kenya
tpn=Tiputini Ecuador
seti=Tiputini Ecuador
ptz=Pastaza Ecuador
sesm=Pastaza Ecuador
ckv=Clarksville United States
kckv=Clarksville United States
xhn=Liege Belgium
fbcl=Brussels Belgium
ohr=Wyk Germany
lpc=Lompoc United States
klpc=Lompoc United States
cth=Coatesville United States
kmqs=Coatesville United States
bst=Lashkar Gah Afghanistan
oabt=Lashkar Gah Afghanistan
llk=Lankaran Azerbaijan
ubbl=Lankaran Azerbaijan
gbb=Qabala Azerbaijan
ubbq=Qabala Azerbaijan
ztu=Zaqatala Azerbaijan
ubby=Zaqatala Azerbaijan
lkp=Lake Placid United States
klkp=Lake Placid United States
ny9=Long Lake United States
uemh=Khandyga Russia
uemm=Yakutsk Russia
jiq=Qianjiang China
dee=Yuzhno-Kurilsk Russia
yxcm=Yuzhno-Kurilsk Russia
wih=Wishram United States
aoh=Lima United States
kaoh=Lima United States
dso=Hamhung North Korea
yjs=Samjiyon North Korea
ssi=Brunswick United States
kssi=Brunswick United States
bfp=Beaver Falls United States
kbfp=Beaver Falls United States
f57=Winterhaven United States
gge=Georgetown United States
kgge=Georgetown United States
hdi=Cleveland United States
khdi=Cleveland United States
2a0=Dayton United States
2g2=Steubenville United States
rnt=Renton United States
krnt=Renton United States
zbm=Bromont Canada
czbm=Bromont Canada
poc=La Verne United States
kpoc=La Verne United States
09j=Jekyll Island United States
cdk=Cedar Key United States
kcdk=Cedar Key United States
cty=Cross City United States
kcty=Cross City United States
ceu=Clemson United States
kceu=Clemson United States
36u=Heber United States
bec=Wichita United States
kbec=Wichita United States
47a=Canton United States
55j=Fernandina Beach United States
wimg=Padang Indonesia
kczl=Calhoun United States
kajr=Cornelia United States
zmb=Hamburg Germany
gtu=Georgetown United States
kgtu=Georgetown United States
ny94=Rhinebeck United States
qfo=Duxford United Kingdom
egsu=Duxford United Kingdom
sny=Sidney United States
ksny=Sidney United States
ga46=Bengassi Mali
klua=Luray United States
w13=Waynesboro United States
gkl=Great Keppel Island Australia
ygkl=Great Keppel Island Australia
rpb=Roper Bar Australia
yrrb=Roper Bar Australia
ymrt=Mount Garnet Australia
ifl=Innisfail Australia
yifl=Innisfail Australia
phjr=Kapolei United States
bin=Bamyan Afghanistan
oabn=Bamyan Afghanistan
nbs=Baishan China
rgo=Chongjin North Korea
zz07=Chongjin North Korea
moo=Moomba Australia
yoom=Moomba Australia
luz=Lublin Poland
eplb=Lublin Poland
kmdq=Huntsville United States
jyo=Leesburg United States
kjyo=Leesburg United States
scir=San Juan Bautista Chile
vam=Maamigili Maldives
vrmv=Maamigili Maldives
iru=Maldives Hilton Iru fushi Maldives
iruf=Maldives Hilton Iru fushi Maldives
dhg=Dhigurah Maldives
dhgu=Dhigurah Maldives
llf=Yongzhou China
lsz=Mali Losinj Croatia
ldlo=Mali Losinj Croatia
ons=Onslow Australia
yolw=Onslow Australia
tdr=Theodore Australia
ytdr=Theodore Australia
czw=RUDNIKI Poland
epru=RUDNIKI Poland
sdc=Williamson United States
ksdc=Williamson United States
clc=Clear Lake City United States
cfx=Cafayate Argentina
sasc=Cafayate Argentina
egtf=Fairoaks United Kingdom
wbu=Boulder United States
kbdu=Boulder United States
edan=Neustadt-Glewe Germany
etmw=Warnemuende Germany
tvs=Tangshan China
zbsn=Tangshan China
ebtn=GOETSENHOVEN Belgium
eduw=Wildenrath Germany
edtg=Bremgarten Germany
edrb=Birburg Germany
lfsl=Toul France
pao=Palo Alto United States
kpao=Palo Alto United States
uemt=Ust-Nera Russia
lkvm=Vysoke Myto Czech Republic
ebsp=Spa Belgium
ffz=Mesa United States
kffz=Mesa United States
p08=Cooldige United States
kp08=Cooldige United States
p52=Cottonwood United States
kp52=Cottonwood United States
ebnm=Namur Belgium
ebzh=Hasselt Belgium
a39=Phoenix United States
ka39=Phoenix United States
e25=Wickenburg United States
ke25=Wickenburg United States
yty=Yangzhou China
zsya=Yangzhou China
ptk=Pontiac United States
kptk=Pontiac United States
ksi=Kissidougou Guinea
guku=Kissidougou Guinea
qpj=Pecs Hungary
een=Keene United States
thq=Tianshui China
zlts=Tianshui China
mukw=Kawama Cuba
gkk=Kooddoo Maldives
vrmo=Kooddoo Maldives
07mt=Glasgow United States
rcs=Rochester United Kingdom
egto=Rochester United Kingdom
jhl=Wood Buffalo Canada
eqy=Charlotte United States
knn=Kankan Guinea
guxd=Kankan Guinea
rhd=Rio Hondo Argentina
sanh=Rio Hondo Argentina
kmp=Keetmanshoop Namibia
fykt=Keetmanshoop Namibia
kgt=Kangding China
zukd=Kangding China
vus=Veliky Ustyug Russia
ulwu=Veliky Ustyug Russia
iow=Iowa City United States
kiow=Iowa City United States
tlq=Turpan China
zwtp=Turpan China
sncl=Morro de Sao Paulo Brazil
mwm=Windom United States
kmwm=Windom United States
og39=Longview United States
egar=Rothera Research Station United Kingdom
ulpw=Sortavala Russia
anp=Annapolis United States
kanp=Annapolis United States
duu=Ndutu Tanzania
htnd=Ndutu Tanzania
fxo=Cuamba Mozambique
fqcb=Cuamba Mozambique
odo=Bodaibo Russia
uikb=Bodaibo Russia
ztr=Zhytomyr Ukraine
ukkv=Zhytomyr Ukraine
umgm=Mozyr Belarus
eyvp=Paluknys Lithuania
hri=Mattala Sri Lanka
vcri=Mattala Sri Lanka
peq=Pecos United States
kpeq=Pecos United States
hbg=Hattiesburg United States
khbg=Hattiesburg United States
qcj=Botucatu Brazil
sdbk=Botucatu Brazil
sban=Anapolis Brazil
qsc=Sao Carlos Brazil
sdsc=Sao Carlos Brazil
ykn=Yankton United States
kykn=Yankton United States
ses=Selma Alabama United States
kses=Selma Alabama United States
xsb=Sir Bani Yas Island United Arab Emirates
zdy=Dalma Island United Arab Emirates
pcm=Playa del Carmen Mexico
egsm=Beccles United Kingdom
kti=Kratie Cambodia
vdkt=Kratie Cambodia
sccl=Caldera Chile
scpe=San Pedro de Atacama Chile
slcc=Copacabana Bolivia
gyu=Guyuan China
zlgy=Guyuan China
egda=Brawdy United Kingdom
cni=Changhai China
zych=Changhai China
krh=Redhill United Kingdom
egkr=Redhill United Kingdom
jgd=Jiagedaqi District China
ccl=Chinchilla Australia
ycca=Chinchilla Australia
1c9=Hollister United States
hwd=Hayward United States
khwd=Hayward United States
mzp=Motueka New Zealand
nzmk=Motueka New Zealand
jhq=Shute Harbour Australia
yshr=Shute Harbour Australia
egtn=Enstone United Kingdom
arb=Ann Arbor United States
karb=Ann Arbor United States
gry1=Gryphon FPSO United Kingdom
sht=Shepparton Australia
ysht=Shepparton Australia
tem=Temora Australia
ytem=Temora Australia
gah=Gayndah Australia
ygay=Gayndah Australia
eia=Popondetta Papua New Guinea
wio=Wilcannia Australia
ywca=Wilcannia Australia
yivo=Ivanhoe Australia
ymed=Menindee Australia
ypce=Pooncarie Australia
ytlp=Tilpa Australia
lsgr=Reichenbach im Kandertal Switzerland
xumw=Volosovo Russia
bfj=Bijie China
ulk=Lensk Russia
uerl=Lensk Russia
uhwk=Kavalerovo Russia
igd=Igdir Turkey
ltct=Igdir Turkey
gny=Sanliurfa Turkey
ltcs=Sanliurfa Turkey
kzr=Kutahya Turkey
ltbz=Kutahya Turkey
vlu=Velikiye Luki Russia
ulol=Velikiye Luki Russia
zty=Boston United States
ylk=Bangalore India
voyk=Bangalore India
unne=Novosibirsk Russia
hkok=Masai Mara Kenya
uli=Ulithi Micronesia
uhhk=Mar-Kuel Russia
unki=Kodinsk Russia
bkn=Balkanabat Turkmenistan
beo=Lake Macquarie Australia
ypec=Lake Macquarie Australia
4a7=Hampton United States
k4a7=Hampton United States
denx=Denver United States
bmp=Brampton Island Australia
ybpi=Brampton Island Australia
ngz=Alameda United States
kngz=Alameda United States
ekel=Endelage Denmark
loij=St. Johann in Tirol Austria
edpw=Thalmaessing Germany
xrrc=Taganrog Russia
zwi=Wilmington United States
nml=Fort McMurray Canada
eki=Elkhart United States
ycn=Cochrane Canada
cycn=Cochrane Canada
bjp=Braganca Paulista Brazil
sbbp=Braganca Paulista Brazil
bqb=Brusselton Australia
ybln=Brusselton Australia
uesk=Srednekolymsk Russia
ggr=Garowe Somalia
slcr=Salt Lake City United States
ivr=Inverell Australia
yivl=Inverell Australia
gli=Glen Innes Australia
ygli=Glen Innes Australia
edqf=Ansbach Germany
imm=Immokalee  United States
kimm=Immokalee  United States
wa44=Sulawesi Tenggara Indonesia
66ca=Cambria United States
yic=Yichun China
zsyc=Yichun China
zrz=New Carrollton United States
ptb=Petersburg United States
kptb=Petersburg United States
kgn=Kasongo Congo (Kinshasa)
fzok=Kasongo Congo (Kinshasa)
nzpg=McMurdo Station Antarctica
lkkt=Klatovy Czech Republic
sbm=Sheboygan United States
ksbm=Sheboygan United States
kfe=Cloudbreak Australia
yfdf=Cloudbreak Australia
3d2=Ephraim United States
vnkl=Kangel Danda Nepal
vnkd=Khanidanda Nepal
vnt1=Rara National Park Nepal
bju=Bajura Nepal
vnbr=Bajura Nepal
uiar=Chara Russia
thd=Thanh Hoa Vietnam
ekhg=Herning Denmark
ednx=Schleissheim Germany
mzj=Marana United States
kmzj=Marana United States
geu=Glendale United States
kgeu=Glendale United States
sad=Safford United States
ksad=Safford United States
edwv=Verden Germany
slj=Solomon Australia
ysol=Solomon Australia
ednm=Nittenau Germany
kjp=Kerama Japan
rokr=Kerama Japan
sdai=Americana Brazil
jco=Comino Malta
uasb=Ekibastuz Kazakhstan
uwod=Adamovka Russia
uwoh=Kvarkeno Russia
sik=Sikeston United States
ksik=Sikeston United States
nyn=Nynashamn Sweden
rod=Rodby Denmark
qua=Puttgarden Germany
kobach=spirit of st louis
xlefay=leeuwarden, friesland, netherlands
chromas=walla walla
themightybuzzard=jackson tn
hell=washington dc, usa
ncommander=anchorage, ak
mrcoolbp=Boston, MA
sirfinkus=Olympia, WA
ar=warsaw, poland
arti=92707
paulej72=Princeton, NJ
mechanicjay=Madison, NJ
crutchy=traralgon, victoria, australia
subsentient=arizona, usa
ethanol-fueled=San Diego, CA
swiss=Los Angeles
idetuxs=Buenos Aires
juggs=london
jamesnz=New Zealand
lancepodstrong=stanton, mn
spallshurgenson=Bangkok
cyprus=san jose, ca
jackson=tn
nanati=germany
heaven=Pyongyang
yukiku=Medford, Oregon, United States
x=utc
cmn32480=baltimore
buttsauce=sydney
